









She sipped her coffee while shaking her head slightly. She had met her first obstacle too soon. Where would she find Hye-seong Jin if he were off the grid? Is there another way to gather information about President Jin?


A pensive Yuri, at the moment, was oblivious to Hyeon-ah's scrutinizing gaze on her.

After a moment or so, the other woman suddenly asked, "Hey, didn't you say that you were going back to America?"

"I'll be staying in Korea for now because I have to wrap up some things here." She answered vaguely.

"Where are you staying?"

Yuri hesitated for a moment before answering. "I'm staying with a person I know in Seoul."

"Then give me a card or your phone number, and I'll ask the people I knew in the hotel to see if anyone knows about Mr. Hye-seong Jin." She offered.

Yuri instantly brought out her card from the bag, Hyeon-ah leaned forward to receive it, her voice barely a whisper. "Does he have anything to do with the things you have to finish?"

Yuri glanced at the window and thought her breath stopped. There was a classy car, a foreign make, in front of the café, and a debonair Samuel was smoking a cigarette leaning against it.

Before she knew it, amidst an eerie silence, the man shoved her into the passenger seat and roughly cranked up the engine. She could see Hyeon-ah look out the store window with worried eyes.

As they sped past, Yuri looked straight ahead and wondered how Samuel had found her so quickly.






"What happened?" she asked, breaking the jittery silence

"I told you. I dislike variants." He roared.

Yuri's eyelids fluttered, and Samuel reached out to fasten her seatbelt.

"I want to know why you had to lie, saying you would go shopping instead of going to the hospital."

Even under his piercing gaze, Yuri was quite resolute about not going to the hospital. "I know my body. The problem I have is with my memories."


She had been undergoing treatment, knew everything she had to, what more could a doctor tell her?

"So, you came here to find them? What's the reason for this sudden decision?" Samuel demanded.

"It's not a sudden one. I've tried before but nothing worked.

However, since I remembered you somewhat easily, I thought it might be the same for others."

Samuel drummed his fingers on the wheel. Yuri turned her gaze to the window under the uncomfortable silence. They were passing by the beautiful and deep Jinseong River, she felt a chill all over as she remembered Hye-yeon's death.

Are you sure that President Jin's daughter is not there, too?

Judging by their conversation, Hye-yeon had not been the target. So why did she die, and what was the reason In-bae Lee wanted to kill me?


The question overwhelmed her. One question only ushered in several more, and Yuri felt more helpless than when she could not






remember a thing. Closing her eyes, she endured the incoming headache. She did not know how much time passed until Samuel stopped at an exclusive Japanese restaurant.

"Let's go, we'll be having dinner here."

So, it was already dinnertime. An employee guided them to a reserved room when Yuri got out of the car. It was a large one, and the scenery of the pond in the garden, and the simple pavilion was beautiful. The folding screen and the interiors of the room hinted at money.



The food placed on delicate and expensive dishes was exquisite. Yuri strived to eat digestible food as much as she could. She had to eat to have enough strength to go through what lay before her. Also, she did not want to offend Samuel by not eating.

Thankfully, he only placed certain dishes on her plate and did not speak.



Yuri was surprised as the food he served her were those she thought delicious.

The waiter brought fruits, sweet red bean jelly, and warm tea for dessert. Samuel made a phone call once the server had left the room.


"Bring it here."

The paper panel door opened after a little while, and a man with short hair, sharp eyes, and a well-trained body walked in with an envelope in hand. When he got closer, Yuri recognized him as Jin-wook Jeong.












Jin-wook handed Samuel the envelope and slightly bowed to Yuri before going out. The man then handed the documents over to Yuri.


"Read it."
















It was a contract almost the same as the one she had seen before, but with a few clauses added.

"200 million won for each child?" she asked in astonishment.

"Why, do you want more?" He sneered.

"Weren't you marrying Si-yeon Yoon? And you're still asking me to bear your child?" She retorted.

"What's the problem? I'll recognize the child as mine and provide the best environment and education there is. If the child is smart enough, the group will not discriminate against him or her." He sounded so righteous that one would think he was proposing marriage and not an illicit affair!

"Does Ms. Si-yeon Yoon know what you're thinking?" Only Yuri knew how much will power she was currently exerting to rein in her emotions. This man and his ridiculous contracts, would there ever be an end?


"She has nothing to do with it, and I will give her sufficient compensation."

Yuri was flabbergasted at Samuel's insanity. She laughed and glared at him. Did he really weigh the world in terms of money?! Where the heck had his demented notion stemmed from?

She had been goaded into signing the contract once before, did he think there would be a second time? This was simply outrageous, and she didn't want any part in it. Not now, not ever.

She gritted her teeth and said, "I will never bear your child, so there's no need for this nonsense."







"You might already have one, or there will be one in the near future." Samuel's hawk-eyes seemed absolutely determined.

"I haven't had a period for two years, so there will never be a child."

Perhaps this was her way of saying that he couldn't control everything in the world, and most certainly her menstrual cycle.

"What?!" He bellowed.

Samuel's brow furrowed, he didn't like her attitude. More importantly, he disdained things that went out of his control and even so those that played him. And right now, the woman before him was doing exactly that. She had done so four years ago, and she was doing so now. He would tolerate nothing, especially her slipping out of his grip.



He brusquely grabbed Yuri's wrist on the table and demanded. "And you say that you're not going to the hospital?"

Yuri did not avoid his penetrating gaze and boldly looked right into his devilish orbs. "I'll take care of my body, and to make things clear, I am not going to agree to a contract like this."

"Are the terms not enough for you? You can continue your art. You cannot be thinking of tailing your teacher forever. You can hold an exclusive contract with the Seoin Gallery, or I'll let you have your own. Do you want anything else?"

In his view, this was the choicest offer under the sun and anybody would jump at it in the first instance. Anybody, but this woman.

"I'm not going to work on them anymore. Didn't you say I have two months? The reason I'm still here is to finish the contract we had"

"Stop acting so difficult. You said it was about money, I can get you as much as you need." He twisted her wrist in agitation.






Yuri didn't flinch at his atrocity and met him head-on. "Who said that it was about money?"

She didn't know how on earth he would have such a notion. But when she did a double-take, her eyes widened because she could think of only one person who would say something like that.

"Did you meet Hye-seong? Where is he?"

Samuel's expression distorted, and his grip on Yuri's wrist tightened further as if to break it.

"Were you searching for Hye-seong Jin instead of your memories?"

Samuel's voice was cold enough to freeze the room. His hand lightly grasped the back of Yuri's neck, and her nerves stood on end at his touch.

"You're really something. You were looking for a past boyfriend when we spent that much time together in bed?!"

The hand that grasped her neck tightened further. His harsh and cold eyes, filled with the murderous rage of a beast, bored at her.

"Was I not enough for you?" He sniggered.

She had enough of this man now, him and his twisted theories. She was furious. Just because she had entered a contract with him, he was questioning her integrity now. What right did he have?

"You know that I was never in that kind of relationship with Hye-seong." She raised her voice. "I just needed to ask him something."

"What's the question?"

"It is?"









Yuri's throat went dry. Could she trust him enough to talk about her father and Hye-yeon's death? Would he help her?

She was still undecided when Jin-wook opened the doors again.

"Excuse me, but I have an urgent report to make."

Samuel stood up, let go of her, and went out. After a few moments, he returned looking with his usual nonchalance.

"We'll talk more about this at home."

After Samuel and Yuri left the restaurant, two burly men in suits approached them. Samuel gave them their orders.

"Get her home."

"Understood."

Yuri recollected that she had seen one of them when she got out of the police station. So there was one more person besides Department Head Choi and the driver watching her. It was only now that she was reminded of the extent of Samuel's meticulousness.



"Wait at home."

With those parting words, he got into the car Jin-wook was driving. She was about to get into hers when someone greeted her as he came out of the restaurant.

"Who is this?"

Yuri knew too well who the drunkard was.

  







Drenched in the stench of alcohol, swaying and staggering, this unkempt man looked nothing like the renowned painter Seok-ha Yoo. However, he was the man himself, perhaps in his truest form.

Fifty-five-year-old Seok-ha Yoo, a famous Western-style painter had won many accolades in the world of paintings and held a prestigious status in Korea and abroad. He was Yuri's advisory professor, the very one to openly demand sexual gratifications in return for establishing her career in the realm of arts.

However, when the girl had refused his 'kind' offer, he had spared no effort to torment her. In the end, he had succeeded in ruining her budding career for good, thus depriving the world of talent and her hope of living


"Why, isn't this Yuri Han? My proud and talented student." His lecherous eyes leered at her from top to bottom.

Unwilling to acknowledge his presence, let alone greet him, Yuri only glared daggers at the man.

"You still look at me so boldly. Aren't you going to greet me when I'm your teacher?"

The man Samuel had left her with immediately blocked Seok-ha when he reached for her.

"Who are you?" Seok-ha frowned.

The man, without a change in his expression, asked Yuri, "Madam, do you know this man?"

Yuri only nodded, discomfort evident on her face. Seok-ha sneered as he looked back and forth between the man and Yuri.







"Madam? Ah, Yuri Han, you've climbed the ladder. If you're being called madam and going to this kind of place, you must have secured a man after giving up painting. Didn't I tell you that you had more talent in pleasing a man than art?"

"And you, more talent in crushing those weaker than you by using underhanded means rather than art."

"You still-!"

The man stopped Seok-ha again when the older man's hand rose.

He became livid and cursed Yuri.

"I don't know who your man is, but you'll never get far in this field. You cheeky bitch, I'll make sure of that."

Yuri's hands balled into fists, she wanted nothing to do with this drunkard anymore. She simply told the man to leave, turned around, and entered the vehicle.

Once in the car, sitting in pin-drop silence, Yuri slowly covered her face. As the events of the day seeped in, her hands trembled.



"I don't like how you managed this affair."

Samuel took out a cigarette, Jin-wook proceeded to light it.

Professor Yang nervously bowed as his boss' hawk-eyes looked around the room.

"I deeply apologize. Our employees must have been careless during their change in shifts, I will see to it that such a thing will never happen again."

Samuel took a deep drag. Hye-seong Jin disappeared.









Today was certainly not going well for the Director of Seoin Group. Department Head Choi had reported that Yuri Han seemed to have cried a lot. Why did she cry? He hated to see her cry alone. Also, she had lied at the department store and went to Jinseong City. If anything, his question of what Yuri was doing there had answered itself more easily than he expected.

Did you meet Hye-seong? Where is he?

Yuri Han was looking for Hye-seong Jin, and this simple fact angered Samuel. Had she looked for him even once during the last four years? The end of Samuel's lips twisted coldly.

"Was Incheon his last whereabouts?" He demanded coldly.

"Yes, I have sent someone there." Jin-wook was already on the matter.

"Why would he do something so impractical when he can't even move well?"

Jin-wook shook his head. "I don't know."

What was Hye-seong Jin thinking?

Samuel contemplated the route his prisoner must have taken during the car ride back. Even after a while, he had no definite answers. He did not have enough information regarding President

Jin's son.

That man had been off the grid for so long now, that people almost thought he was dead. But he would have to wait, he would get that man later. First, he had to know what Yuri wanted to ask Hye-seong Jin.


The house was silent, and Samuel looked at the clock to confirm Department Head Choi and the housekeeper had gone home. He






did not see Yuri in the living room or the kitchen. Given the happenings of the day, it was quite possible she had gone to bed already.


Samuel frowned when he opened the bedroom door because there was no sign of her. He quickly checked the bathroom, but she was not there either.


Dammit, did she disappear again?! Samuel took out his cell phone and phoned the security team that had brought her home.

"Where is Yuri Han?"

The head of the security team was taken aback.

"She should be at home."

"I can't see her. Did she go out?" He bellowed.

"No, we have been waiting in front of the house. She has to be inside."












As Samuel frantically kept looking from Yuri in vain, Samuel's irritation grew. Door after door he opened, room after room he checked; the entire second floor was scoured and he found not a shadow of the girl.


He made down the stairs, jabbing his memory about the places she could be in, her former habits. It was then that it struck him that when they'd lived together, she would often spend time in the basement, painting, sketching, or doing something else. She was never the one to rest her hands.

Samuel loosened his tie and opened the basement door. He had been using it as a private home bar and wine cellar, but Yuri had used it as her workspace.

The basement was dark, so he turned on the lights but did not see her. He felt a strange premonition just before he turned the lights off, closed the door again, and moved towards the bar at the corner. He saw something in the small space inside the bar table.

Soon he was facing a Yuri who sat huddled, her face buried in her lap.



"I never knew you had a penchant for hide-and-seek."

She didn't move until Samuel opened his mouth. She slowly raised her head, the man's eyes narrowed as he saw the tear stains on her face.


"I always won whenever I played hide-and-seek as a child."

Samuel noticed her uncharacteristically vacant eyes and the objects that lay at her feet. There was a half-empty liquor bottle, a glass, and the shredded contract.







"Did you have a drink?" he asked, turning back to her.

"There are days you can't stay sober." She replied, nonchalantly.

"If you don't like the contract, say what you want, and I'll put it in."

She only chuckled in response and poured another drink into the glass. Her dry laugh annoyed him, and he held her hand grasping the glass that was en route to her lips.

"Stop. You've had enough," he said, sternly.

"What's the problem? You'll be having your way."

He wrested the glass and put it on the table. He helped her stand up, her weightless body folding into his arms. She tried to break free from him, but he only held her tighter. She would never win in power, she became limp and laughed in self-deprecation.

"I should have listened to Professor Seok-ha Yoo if things would have come to this."

"Seok-ha Yoo?"

"Don't you know the painter? He's the best Western painter in this country, and his works are in middle school and high school textbooks. I liked at first that he was my advising professor and recognized my talent. However, he called me to his workspace before an exhibition and told me to take my clothes off. He then asked me whether I wanted to be his Camille Claudel."

Camille Claudel was Rodin's student and muse. Samuel's expression grew stony when he understood the meaning. Yuri continued with her story.

"Had I done his bidding, I would have finished the exhibition and gone abroad to study. I wouldn't have met you in Jinseong City,






and President Jin wouldn't have threatened me with my father. Then. my father might not have died."

Yuri broke down, each sob sounded like they were being squeezed out.



"You're the same as them!"

Her weak fists hit his chest but it was her tears that ripped a part of his heart.

He couldn't refute her accusation nor could he say he was different from them. If those others were mean, he was vile.

Holding her hostage for a year, using her as a toy. no matter her identity was a despicable act and he had no means of acquitting himself from the charges.

He held her even tighter and forcefully as he felt her tears raining on his collar. No one said a word nor did he stop her from crying.

A long while passed, and the girl had cried herself to sleep. Sensing that she had quieted down, Samuel carefully held her in his arms and brought her to the bedroom. He gently laid the girl on the bed and stroked her wet cheeks.

"Seok-ha Yoo?"

Samuel's face was livid as he muttered the name in a low voice.

He gazed at the slumbering visage for a long time, no one knew what thoughts coursed through his mind.



"Please eat."

Yuri lowered the screen of her notebook when she heard

Department Head Choi's voice. The picture of a man waving his







hand with a smile disappeared, and a table filled with culinary delights welcomed her.

Yuri took a spoonful of well-cooked rice as Department Head Choi removed the bones from fish and portioned braised beef ribs on her plate. She had asked the woman not to wait upon her, but she wouldn't listen.


Department Head Choi had been in charge of managing Samuel when he was a shooter, and she now acted as if her sole goal in life was to help Yuri gain some weight. After a few days of eating high-calorie meals three times a day along with desserts and snacks in the mornings and afternoons according to a professional menu, Yuri's sunken cheeks and eyes filled a little. Her pale skin regained some color and sheen.



Department Head Choi brought out oriental medicine after the meal.



"What is this?" Yuri asked, befuddled.











"It is a medicine from a famous practitioner to warm your womb and reduce menstrual irregularity. He asked me to make sure you took them regularly."

Her brow creased a little, but she took the medicine anyway.

It had been five days since an inebriated Yuri had cried her heart out before Samuel. In hindsight, she had chided herself for telling him about Seok-ha Yoo and her father. One, this man wasn't related to this matter whatsoever; two, he was already a bully interfering in her life and she hated him for that. Besides, they had about two months left, and it would end earlier if she found her memories.



Fortunately, Samuel did not speak of what happened that day. He seemed to be busy, coming late at night and going out early. Also, he did not brandish the contract or ask her to lie with him. It had never been this peaceful in his presence, or rather his absence.

After downing the medicines, Yuri went to the living room and turned on the TV. Her eyes met Sebastian's, who she could not decide was sitting or adorning the corner of the living room. She wondered whether the dog was happy or sad.

And when she thought deeper, she realized she couldn't tell the difference between a taxidermied dog and her current situation. After all, she was only an item to collect for Samuel Seo.

The lingering bitterness of the medicine was still in her mouth, drawing her attention back to now. She turned her gaze away from Sebastian, her thoughts were now on In-bae Lee who was scheduled to be on television.












In the past few days, she had not been idle. Slowly but surely she had scraped together information on him after having discovered that the owner of the voice in Jinseong City was the governor's underling.


This man was the proverbial rag to riches story. Born to a poor factory workman, In-bae Lee did not receive proper education and instead worked at a plant. Rendered immobile due to an industrial accident, he had managed to pass the high school qualification exam. Right after graduation, he took up the judicial examinations and went on to become a lawyer. And in just a year, he had been elected as the youngest city councilor in the history of Jinseong City.



In-bae Lee and President Jin's prosperous association had probably begun from thereon. Twice he was elected the city councilor and congressman. He served as the mayor for two consecutive terms and was now the governor of the Gyeonggi Province. He had been widely touted as the most influential presidential candidate.



But why would a man like him try to kill me?

Yuri could not see a connection, and there were limits to the information she could find at home on the internet. What should I do?


As she mulled, she almost dropped the remote controller as she changed the channel. She stilled when she saw a familiar name on the news.




<A beginning of the Me-Too Movement in the Art Industry: Artist Seok-ha Yoo accused of sexual abuse.>








Yuri abruptly got to her feet in shock. On the screen right now was a group of women, of varied ages, exposing the savage brutality of the revered Seok-ha Yoo. One by one, the women were recounting their horrific tales, breaking down as they did.

Toe the line or be buried in obscurity- each woman was threatened, coerced, and shoved to the brink of helplessness. One would argue that they should have stood their ground and not yielded, but only those who were in it knew that they had tried and failed miserably.



Who would willingly jump into a pit of fire? Between the struggle to eke out even the simplest living and trading one's body with the villain in return for a roof on one's head, what would one choose?

Besides, who would believe them, help or hear their plea? It was their, a nobody's, word against the celebrated professor's.

How did this happen?

When she was a student, a Me-Too movement would've been impossible to end up making any progress no matter how hard she tried. Firstly, she wouldn't have the support of the fellow victims who would be scared to go against the man. If they weren't afraid of him, to begin with, why else would he have had his way? Secondly, even if one or two did brave it, they would have hardly lasted what with the backing this man had. It would be a miracle if they would make it to the court alive.



With an atmosphere that publicly acknowledged the existence of sponsors and patrons, Seok-ha Yoo's actions were nothing peculiar. This barter seemed to exist from time immemorial.

Willingly or unwillingly, people had ended up in this situation. Also, when it came to the morality of the rich and famous, the public had a tendency to turn a blind eye toward the victims. They would







even go as far as to recriminate the aggrieved party which would be worse than the harassment one had been through.

So then, what broke the norm?

The news was now showing a middle-aged woman with her head deep down. She could be identified as the sitting chairman of the Fine Arts Association and the chief director of the H School of Fine Arts. She stated deep grievance on the issue surrounding Professor Seok-ha Yoo and promised to compensate the victimized students. She also calmly stressed that the fine arts field would try its best to prevent such horrendous events from recurring ever again.



Manager Choi let out a gentle gasp as she watched the TV with plates of fruits and dessert in her hands

"What's the matter?" Yuri asked.

"She tends to dislike appearing on TV. Is something going on? Are there issues at the school?"

"Do you know who she is?"

"Of course, she's our director's mother."







The VIP sauna room at Hotel Seoin was filled with a dense fog of steam. Not many people visited this place, so it was relatively peaceful and slow.

Eyes closed, a towel covering the face, reclined, Samuel was attentively listening to the news streaming on the TV. Since the art industry had stayed out of controversy unlike the movie community and the athletic field, the accusations against Yoo were being excitedly broadcast with deep insight on the crimes of the once renowned artist.



Jin-wook started talking as he brushed off his sweat with a towel.

"The impact of the current issue is slated to be greater than expected."

"That's no surprise. It's a wonder how silent everyone has been until now. Rape, assault, painting fraud. he's done so much to ruin the students' lives."

"Still, I didn't expect you to reach out to your mother first." Jin-wook remarked.

"What's so weird about a son calling his mother?" Samuel retorted.

"Because it's never occurred until now."

As much as Samuel blamed his father for ruining the peaceful childhood that he had had, he bore a deep resentment toward his mother too. She had, without batting an eyelid, relinquished him like he were an object in her possession and not her son. And what child could endure his parents' abandonment?

He had taken a stand right there and then. Gone was the affection he had for his mother, and instead, he treated her as a stranger.







He wouldn't talk to her when they met, which would be mostly in a public setting, behaving like associates. Those who didn't know better would never be able to connect them as such.

That said, the man had never called his mother, not when he was a twelve-year-old in need of motherly affection nor upon attaining adulthood as filial piety. He had behaved like she didn't exist in this world, rather his world. So, this sudden change would solely be attributed to Yuri.



"It was necessary. I could've handled things my way but that wouldn't suffice. Let karma slit his own throat. I wish Yoo would lose his entire career, be shunned by his loved ones, and helplessly crawl on the ground like a limbless bug."

"If the chief director has resigned, then it seems impossible for Yoo to come back to that field for a while."

"For a while?" Samuel scoffed audibly. "Impossible. forever. because he's going to have his wrist chopped off from a very unfortunate accident. There's no way he'll be holding a paintbrush ever again. That's how I roll. "


His voice was low enough to instantly cool down the steamed room. Samuel asked Jin-wook as he ran his hand through his moist hair, "And about my request?"

"It was a car crash. The victim jumped towards the car intoxicated.

The driver was sentenced for a year and a half and is currently out of prison."

"A year and a half? Why so short?" The man was surprised.

"The driver confessed, and the accident occurred on a very isolated road without any cameras or streetlights in sight. Most essentially, there was a witness who stated that the victim threw






himself to the car first. Moreover, the toxicity report showed exceedingly high levels of alcohol in his blood system. The initial sentence was to serve three years but the extenuation of the case shortened it."


Samuel ruminated on what Yuri had said.

President Jin wouldn't have threatened me with my father. Then. my father might not have died.

He hadn't believed Hye-seong Jin entirely when he said everything was about 'money.' The woman that he had observed was full of pride and far from materialism. She was also extremely conservative when it came to sex. And the father whom she tried to protect so desperately, going so far as to throw aside her self-respect and sell her body, had jumped toward a car

intoxicated. Was this what actually happened?

"What about the black box?"

"It was coincidentally out of order that day so the power was turned off."

"Logically, none of this makes any sense. There was a witness on a road without any cameras, black boxes, or even streetlights?

"It seems suspicious to me too. But what's fishier is that the driver who hit the man has worked on In-bae Lee's election campaign."

"Hmm, In-bae Lee gets involved once again."

It was a name that kept coming up during the investigation of

Yuri's case. Why In-bae Lee instead of Myung-je Jin? What sort of contact did Yuri and In-bae Lee ever have?

Jin-wook seemed to be asking the same question. "My instincts are telling me that there's something more to this accident. But it






would do you no good to have beef with In-bae Lee. After All, he is the strongest presidential candidate."

As long as the Seoin Group kept its major business in the defense industry, it would always be correlated with politicians. Lee's speech about increasing the military budget made him the most supported individual by the conservatives. It was crucial to stay on the same wavelength with a soon-to-be man of authority. But Samuel was without the slightest doubt.



"Doesn't matter." He declared flatly.

"I understand, Sir. I'll take a deeper look into Suwon Han's accident."

Everything was hazy at the moment. What was at the end of all of this? Whatever it was, as long as it was related to Yuri he was never going to stop investigating. To be more exact, he wouldn't be able to stop himself.


Samuel spoke as he was reminded of something. "And did you meet the owner of the building?"

"Yes, Sir. He said he'll sell it for 50 million more."














"The price is quite high."

"The gallery's quite successful these days. The owner's receiving good rent too, so he seems to have no interest in selling it. Also, there's potential for a rise in the next few years. Why are you suddenly so interested in the building?" Jin-wook said.

"I was thinking about giving it to Yuri Han."

Jin-wook looked briefly surprised before his brow furrowed. "Has Ms. Han agreed to this?"

"The one thing I know for sure is that she has high bars for her career. Once she gets her own gallery and starts regaining the opportunities she lost because of Seok-ha Yoo, she might change her mind about this." Samuel seemed quite positive about her changing her mind.



But his retainer didn't seem to share the boss' views. "I doubt it, Sir.

If she could be swayed by something like this, I don't think she would have resisted Seok-ha Yoo."

Touché! Jin-wook's words had hit home the bitter truth and Samuel was forced out of excuses. The latter knew that such things had little effect on Yuri. Even so, he wanted to be assured that he'd be able to make her stay beside him.

How could he not understand the other's intention? Jin-wook gave out a small sigh. "If all you want is for Yuri to stay beside you, you're already doing a great job. Otherwise, just try to have dirt on her uncle in America or Roy Jean. Just like President Jin did."

Samuel frowned at the hint of poignance in Jin-wook's voice, unlike his normal, impassive tone.







Nevertheless, the man ignored his boss' displeasure, and stubbornly continued on with his opinion. "If not, you need to earn her trust. You need to make Yuri Han herself long for you Sir."

There was no rebuttal to that. Samuel stood up with a stiff face.

As they got out of the sauna, the duo bumped into a group of employees moving frames covered in fabric.

Samuel asked Jae-won, "What is that?"

"We're changing up the paintings in the banquet hall."

"For what?"

"Didn't you see the news? Artist Seok-ha Yoo is in deep trouble. We bought these a couple of years ago for a really high price and it's making me regret it big time. I don't know, maybe we got lucky since we chose to display Roy Jean's work instead of Seok-ha Yoo's art at the very last minute." Jae-won put his hand on his forehead as if it ached.



"How are things at Hotel Seoin?"

"Mother was never fond of Seok-ha Yoo's artwork so I doubt she ever owned any. The problem is Si-yeon Yoon. She even collaborated with Yoo for the merchandise last year."

Jae-won's reply reminded Samuel of Si-yeon for the first time in a while. That woman was a flawless fiancée. She was the goose that would lay golden eggs for Hotel Seoin. Growing up in a similar environment and being friends ever since childhood, the two felt comfortable around each other. He especially liked the fact that she did not expect any 'affection' or 'care' from him. All he needed was to put on a show of a 'perfect marriage' for everyone to see, and this woman seemed to be a sufficient fiancée for this act.







Nothing needed to be changed because of Yuri Han's existence.

There were various ways to keep her alongside.

You're the same as them!

Suddenly, he was reminded of her harrowed voice and tears. his heart ached. Is this how Father felt? Was he burdened with frustration that had lingered inside him forever?



When Samuel got home, for a long time he remained standing at the entrance staring up at the second floor. He could see the light in Yuri's room glistening. He felt abnormally relaxed. He walked upstairs and gently opened the door and saw her asleep. Based on the laptop placed on the bedside table, she must have been looking up something. The screen was locked.

What was she looking for?

According to Manager Choi, she was always stuck in her room or the subway with her eyes locked to her laptop screen. Now Jin-wook's words came to his mind.

If not, you need to earn her trust. You need to make Yuri Han herself long for you Sir.

How do I earn her affection?

He had already gotten off to a bad start with Yuri. He had forced her to stay with him, but he was still very clueless about the woman. If he could, he wanted to dissect every part of her to fully understand her.


Slowly, he approached the sleeping beauty. He stroked her face ever so gently as if he were touching fragile glassware. How wrong







he was to ever think simply having her beside him was enough.

He let out a deep sigh.













Late at night, in an empty café, Hyeon-ah Kim was staring at her phone as her lips formed a gentle smirk.

"No wonder he seemed familiar; he's a prominent figure." She mumbled to herself.

The guy who had grabbed Yuri Han's arm and drove her away from the café happened to be Director Samuel Seo of Seoin Group. She had stumbled upon this piece of information when she was mindlessly sifting through the women's magazine at a hair salon one afternoon. Most pages of the magazine were filled with the upcoming nuptials of Seoin Group and Daejin Group.

Hyeon-ah meticulously read through the article. She remembered him perfectly well. After all, how could she forget an attractive face like his?


When exactly was it. the Asian Games a few years back? The wealthy and good-looking shooter who was a hot topic back then happened to be the same person. She also realized that she'd seen him visit Hotel Jinseong a few times, although it was much later that she found out that he did so with an intention to purchase the hotel.



Back then he'd used a different name. Perhaps, that doesn't matter so much?

So, what did the Seoin scion have to do with the insignificant Yuri Han? How were they associated in the first place? It was kind of obvious that their relationship was nothing typical. The silence between them felt nerve-wracking and breathtaking to watch. To flirt with a guy like him, Yuri must have a game.










Hyeon-ah leaned back and stared at the ceiling with a cigarette between her lips. As she mulled, she recalled what Yuri had told her.


-	In my case, I don't have any existing memory since my father's accident all the way through my early years in America. My physician tells me that it's pretty common for people to lose their memory about a specific person, event, or time period.


Was this all true, or was the story fabricated? Smoke gradually escaped her lips. No memory?. Things are getting very interesting.


Her musing was interrupted by the sound of a door opening.

"I'm sorry but the café is closed for the day."

As she was turning, she froze at the sight of the unexpected guest waiting for her. Her red lips immediately lifted up into a hearty grin. She did not seem to be startled even in the slightest bit.

"Oh my, I'm seeing so many unexpected faces these days."

Standing at the door was Hye-seong Jin.




That night, Yuri did everything but sleep. In truth, she had not been sleeping from the start. Once he had sedately closed the door behind him, and she was certain he had left, did she open her eyes and gazed at the door.

Before he had walked into the room, she was at the peak of researching In-bae Lee's acquaintances. She was able to acquire most of the information from his fairly 'active' social media. Most of it was glorified, but those who knew to read between the lines






would sniff out the shenanigans at a glance. The old newspaper reports from Jinseong City and the data from the City Hall collectively offered her abundant facts about the man.

Among Lee's family, assistants, bodyguards, and election camp members, one of them had to be the owner of the voice she was desperately looking for. That person was most likely the suspect. However, the labor of searching for this mysterious man was intolerably arduous and dull.

A male in his 40s or 50s, relatively tall who happened to live in Jinseong for a significant amount of years: this was basically the only material Yuri had on him. And sifting through the thousands of Lee-followers on social media, matching their pictures with their names was nothing short of looking for a needle in a haystack. After quite a few hours scouring, she recognized a very familiar name.



Sang-gu Park.

Park was a manager at an NGO owned by Lee's wife. She swore she recognized the name. but from where?

It was at that moment, she heard the main door unlock. She reckoned Samuel must have returned. She quickly locked her laptop and lay in her bed. She was hoping he would sleep in his own room just as he had done for the past few days.

As if he was ignoring her hope, the man opened her door. She instinctively shut her eyes and pretended to be asleep. She could hear him walk towards her, and sit at the corner of the bed. His long fingers gently brushed away her hair from her face, then traced along her forehead, nose, and down to her lips. It felt unnecessarily soothing and also uncomfortable and painful at the same time. It felt even more awkward than when she was stripped, legs pulled wide apart, pressed underneath his body.






He had stayed beside her for a long time caressing her cheeks.

She couldn't tell what the man was thinking, but she was constantly on the edge.

After she was left alone again in the room, she blinked. His warmth and aroma lingered in the air.

What if she hadn't barged into his room to help out a customer that day? What if she'd never pretended to be Hye-yeon Jin? What if she'd never resolved the misunderstanding he had about the father? Then would things have been different? What if. what if..



One thought led to another and another until a whole train was formed. The train only got longer and longer 'til took her far away from sleep. In the end, she had stayed up all night.

She painfully got up to the sound of Ms. Choi waking her up for breakfast. She sauntered to the dining room, then twitched at an unexpected view.

At the table was Samuel sitting before her. Why is he here? It was 9 a.m. on a weekday. He should have gone to work hours ago.







As she took a seat across him she asked, "You're not off to work?"

"Nope, not today. I'm taking a break until the weekend." Samuel replied as he scooped a portion of porridge.

A break from work, huh?

This unexpected development had wrecked her plans. She needed to look for evidence on Sang-gu Park and investigate In-bae Lee further. They all needed to be done without Samuel knowing. But he's on break, for four whole days, how was she to even move an inch in the direction? Yuri was so annoyed that her appetite had immediately flown far away. Ironically, the man, oblivious to her thoughts, placed pieces of meat on her plate for her to eat.

Samuel interrupted her as she was getting up without finishing even half of her meal. "Shall we go somewhere?"

This random question made Yuri malfunction for a second. She looked at Samuel with a blank, puzzled face.

"Go? anywhere?"

"Shopping, movies, long drive. wherever you want to go." He looked expectantly at her.

"Why?" She really didn't know the purpose behind these things that had popped up from his mouth out of nowhere. The times they had spent four years ago, she had been cooped up in the house.
But now, he was suddenly proposing to go out? This was indeed shocking.

Samuel lightly frowned at her condescending question. "What do you mean 'why'?"







She noticed that she'd inadvertently made him upset, but her lack of sleep ended up making her attack him otherwise.

"I don't want to go anywhere with you. We're not acquainted that way"



Her words were scorching. Samuel couldn't take it anymore and talked back with a deep voice.

"Then what kind of a relationship do we have? Just have sex and that's it?"

"?."

"Just having sex in the bedroom like animals? Is this what you're into? I wouldn't mind so much but you won't be able to tolerate me."


This instantly put a frown on Yuri's face. His tone was cold and disparaging.

"You don't have to trigger me to sleep with me, because I sleep with you when I feel like it. If there's nowhere you want to go, then I'll decide. Go get ready to leave," he said, marking the end of the conversation.


Yuri reluctantly put on a dress and makeup.

When she got in the car, the man started driving without a word.

Where is he going? Though curious, she stayed silent for some time. But when she saw the sign board ahead, she let out a gasp.

"Are we going to Jin-seong?" she said in disbelief.













"You told me you want your memories back. Isn't that why you were searching for Hyeon-ah Kim and Hye-seong Jin??" His tone was full of sarcasm.

"True, but?"

She was at a loss for words now. She thought he was acting especially weird today. From asking her for a place to go as if they were on a date, to talking about her lost memories. What is he thinking?


"I would like to give you an opportunity to see Hye-seong Jin, but he's out of sight. So, visiting a place related to your lost memory might trigger something."

Is he genuinely trying to help? All of a sudden?

Questions she had a many, but reluctance even more. Thus, she let the awkward silence linger on, and turned her eyes towards the window and away from the man.

The car drove past downtown to a familiar neighborhood. The car finally came to a stop before the Jinseong Art School- Yuri's alma-mater. On the field were students in the middle of a lesson.

"It's not like I can't remember things from high school," said Yuri.

"Let's just call it a warm-up. It might help to start with the small things, right?" He was surprisingly polite.

Why would she need a warm-up. Even so, she felt strangely refreshed coming back to her school after so many years. The front entrance, the pole in the field where her friends and she gathered for a chat, the art room where she spent most of her time. nothing seemed to have changed.









The only change, she reckoned, was in herself. Actually, there was one more irreversible change- Hye-yeon Jin. The person she had spent her entire time, her growing years. the closest she had for a sister. Glimpses of the past rushed to her. She could still see the young Hye-yeon running towards her, her mirthful laughter, mischievous eyes. like she was there right now. As she trailed the girl, her eyes suddenly met Samuel's. Just like that little her little friend disappeared, permanently from her life.

She stared blankly at the man and was brought out of her trance by his voice.

"How was your school life?"

Why does his voice sound so affectionate as if he was talking to a loved one?

She blinked at him for a fleeting moment and decided to stop analyzing his intentions. There was no point delving into a contractual relationship, drawing meaning to his every action. It would do her more harm than good, and in the end, she would only be left with a wounded heart and eternal solitude.

As such she responded drily. "Nothing special. I studied, drew a lot. did some volunteering."

"Volunteering?"

"Hm. Tending to people with special needs located just around the neighborhood. It was worth a lot of points."

"Is that when you learned sign language?"

How did he remember all these? Yuri wondered as she nodded.

"That's right."










"Schools these days teach quite a lot." Samuel looked genuinely amused.

He and Yuri were only apart by. no more than six years? Schools were always making changes to their curriculums, but he didn't expect it to be this drastic.

"You sound like you've never gone to school." Yuri mocked.

"You're right, I never did. I only attended to take my exams and spent the rest of my time at the range." He didn't take offense to her tone and plainly revealed the fact surrounding his growing years.


While children his age spent the most time at school building memories and relationships, having fun, Samuel had spent his time at the shooting range establishing a strong bond with the rifle, target, and competitions.

"Then how did you get your education?" she asked puzzled.

"I was homeschooled."

His childhood is definitely not typical. Just then she remembered something.

"By the way, weren't you a professional shooter?"

"How do you know this?"

"The internet told me everything about you." She shrugged and asked, "What made you quit?"

"It was about time, and I haven't given up completely. I still go to competitions from time to time because I need to maintain my athlete license to own a gun."








It was such a dry response. Completely apathetic and straight to the point, just like the relationship the two shared.

However, before she got lost in thoughts, the bell rang for the lunch break. After checking the time, Samuel started the car again.

















The next stop was a shaggy traditional Korean-style building. Unlike the building, the parking lot was enormous with a sign that said "Seo Hwa Dang".

What were they here for this time?

A bewildered Yuri was led into a wooden door by Samuel. The restaurant was crowded with a constant stream of patrons since it was lunchtime on a weekday.

The pair was guided to the seats right away. The outdoors were left disheveled, but the indoors was remodeled. Yuri astounded looked around the drastically upgraded interior.

"Anything you'd like to eat?" Samuel passed the menu to her.

"Is this also a warm-up?" she asked, taking the menu.

"You can say so. And you like it here; you like the dishes here." He sounded as if he were reminding her.

That's true. She blinked as she read through the lengthy list of the menu. Since when were there so many options? Samuel ordered not only her favorite chicken dumplings but also the newest menus and a large hotpot.

A moment later, they were presented with a banquet. Yuri was appalled.

"Isn't it too much food for the two of us?" she said, as she looked around the tantalizing spread.

"You don't need to finish it all."

Easy said it looked hard to even go close to finishing!







Samuel eagerly sliced a dumpling in half and placed it on Yuri's plate, he had done so before too. The man didn't eat much himself but would always buy a bunch of food and try to feed her.

Then he, rather abruptly, asked, "Why do you like the food here?"

"The nanny who took care of me when I was young was from North Korea. Her cooking tasted similar to this." She replied without thinking.


Perhaps because Yuri hadn't visited the restaurant for such a long time, or maybe because she hadn't had much breakfast, she was eagerly devouring the dumplings and curiously trying out the new dishes that Samuel had ordered for her. One with mala, one with curry, and another with cheese.

After watching her eat for a few minutes, he said, "This one seems to be your favorite." He was pointing at a curry dumpling that she was enjoying the most.

Yuri stared into his eyes with visible awe. "How did you know?"

This wasn't the first time he'd guessed on point. Is he a psychic?

Samuel smirked as he replied. "I was just being observant. You tend to chew longer when you're enjoying it."

It was a habit acquired from living with her grandmother. She was scolded when she was being picky with her food, so she'd swallow it fast to finish the dishes she disliked. It felt weird that Samuel noticed her smallest habits, and that he was meticulously observing her every moment.



After their meal, they strolled on the promenade along the Jinseong River. The river looked the same, but around it, everything








seemed different. As they walked, Yuri slowly drifted into her thoughts.

Retrieving her memories was in a state of stagnation. Off late, those fragments of memory that hounded her in the name of dreams seemed to have vanished. Nothing new came to her mind, at least not when she was sleeping. But the same could not be said during her waking hours. The sequence of recollections after meeting Samuel had given her the hope and confidence of resolving this mystery once and for all, and sooner. However, ever since the last piece of that conversation, there had been zero progress.



She had thought that her looking into In-bae Lee's case would help her reach ultimate evidence that would solve the case, but things weren't that easy. The more she discovered, the more complicated it became. She knew with her current resources and the non-existent power that she possessed, she could do nothing.

Yuri was in the midst of letting out a deep sigh when Samuel asked her a question.

"Any thoughts on going back to school?"

"?school?" she said, rather befuddled.

"You wanted to go back. You said you only have one more semester left. The school's trying to let the students who were victimized by Seok-ha Yoo return without any unfair consequences. If you're going to remain in this field, won't it be better to at least get your degree at H University?" He explained.

Graduating from school and getting a job in the field were things she wished for but had long given up on. She didn't expect him to bring this up.








"Were you involved in the Seok-ha Yoo incident by any chance?" she asked about the hunch she had been long harboring.

"Yes."

"What for?"

"What do you think?"

Yuri was at a loss for an appropriate reply, so she just stared at him. Her eyes met his, and they remained so for a moment.

Samuel lit his cigarette. "You should hazard a guess as to why I was involved in Seok-ha Yoo's case. Oh, and also, think about going back to school too."

They were interrupted by an incoming call. Samuel frowned looking at the caller, it seemed like he had to take this call. While he was preoccupied with the conversation, Yuri started walking along the river. Her head was full of thoughts.

What exact feeling does Samuel have for me? She knew he had positive feelings for her. To be exact, he enjoyed having sex with her.


So all of this just for it? No, that didn't sound right.

Then is it love?

Absolutely not! What kind of love makes a guy think it's normal to blackmail her with a contract while being someone else's fiancé?

He was just crazily attached to her like a greedy man.

Yuri fiercely shook her head as if doing so would eliminate these useless thoughts. She didn't want another thing added to her list of








problems. For now, she had to focus solely on her work, her purpose.

The very next moment, she froze as she fixed her eyes on the river ahead.

"Here?" She mumbled, her breathing automatically turned erratic.

She looked around in a trice. The enormous bud tree across the river looked very familiar. She was certain that she knew this place. In fact, it was the place in her lost memory.

Yuri walked closer to the river for a confirmation. Not even the

"Hazardous: Do Not Enter" sign could stop her. The closer she got, the more horrified she looked.

It was here. This was where Hye-yeon died.

Before she noticed, the ground sank.









Splash!

Yuri was pulled into the river with an obnoxious uproar. The accident occurred all so suddenly. She closed her eyes shut.

"Yuri! Yuri Han!"

Struggling to float up pushed her even deeper into the water. She couldn't breathe. The water was so freezing that it stopped her from making a sound.

That sounded like Hye-yeon's voice, or maybe Father's. Or actually maybe??.

The very next moment, she felt a strong force pulling her up. Gradually, she moved towards the sky and out of water. She arduously lay on the ground, and when the fit of cough abated, she finally took a deep breath.

"What were you thinking?! Are you out of your mind?" Samuel yelled furiously.

It was only now that Yuri noticed he was soaked as much as she was. Did he just. throw himself into the river to save me?

Samuel looked confused and constricted. He didn't know how a seemingly perfect girl, without a preamble, abruptly jump into the water.


"I just. I just remembered something." Yuri slowly murmured as her lips trembled. It was so cold that her teeth were clenching.

"You remembered something?" He still couldn't connect the memory and the jump.








But when he noticed her darting gaze, he followed her line of sight. One by one, people had started gathering around them.

Visibly annoyed by the crowd, without a word, Samuel pulled her up. Yuri shook as she tried to stand.

"Are you able to walk?"

When Yuri nodded Samuel held her by the wrist. The air was unbearably cold for the two of them, he lifted her trembling body into his arms.


"I know it's really cold, but hang in there. There's a pension nearby."

He reassured her.

Samuel was also completely soaked from jumping into the water. Was this why his voice seemed to tremble with a deeper tone? Just like he had said, a pension appeared after a few minutes of walk.


"Is this. where.?"

"Correct. This is where the Villa President used to live."

He had passed away years ago, but the house must have remained. Like Samuel said, maybe nobody cared about this house because he had so many already. He entered the passcode, and the heavy steel door opened up without a racket.

The house was empty with a few furniture covered in white fabric. He took off his jacket and immediately walked up to the fireplace. Fortunately, there were some woods left. He lit up the fireplace with a lighter and walked to the master bedroom to bring towels and a blanket.



"Take off your clothes first, or else your temperature might drop."








She struggled as she tried to take off her wet clothes because her trembling fingers kept slipping from the zipper on the dress. Soon he lent her a hand and helped her unzip the dress, effortlessly taking off her bra and pulling down her tights and underwear. When Yuri rapidly covered up her body with a blanket, Samuel shot her a judging glance.



"We've seen each other naked countless times."

Showing her naked body was always embarrassing. Unlike Yuri, Samuel actively got undressed and brought the teapot and a couple of mugs. While she dried off her damp hair with a towel, Samuel hung his wet clothes near the fireplace and steamed up the teapot.



"We only have underground water available since nobody really lives here. but I guess it's better than nothing." He cussed quietly as he took out his phone, cigarettes, and his wallet from his soaked clothes.


"What?" His eyebrows quirked up when he noticed her staring at him.



"It comes so naturally to you."

For a man of wealth who had the best servants at his beck and call, he was pretty adept at lighting the fireplace, drying soaked clothes, and boiling water in the pot.

"Done it quite a few times when I go hunting. Sometimes I even bivouac." He shrugged.

"What's bivouac?" She was curious.

"To put it simply, it means to sleep outdoors in the mountain. I've gone without three days of sleep when I was super unlucky."






"That sounds extreme." It was an honest reply.

Samuel poured hot water into a mug and passed it to Yuri. She blew on the water to cool it down and took a small sip. Finally, her frozen body seemed to warm up. The sudden feeling of relaxation led to great fatigue.


She felt as though she could fall asleep any second. She tried to take another sip of the water when she noticed the small letters on the handmade mug. Looked like an insignia, or maybe a brand name. Yuri read the letters as she tried to escape from drowsiness.

"Ji-ye."

Samuel stiffened. He spat out his words. "It's the name of the woman that lived here with my father."

Oh, that's what happened. Yuri slowly put down her cup.

Samuel looked rather dismayed. "I guess this isn't news to you since you don't look so surprised? Was this on the internet as well?"

"You told me. Don't you recall?" She looked directly into his eyes.

"I did?" He looked totally puzzled.

Yuri wasn't at all surprised at his reaction. After all, that was the only day she had seen the ever-in-control Samuel utterly intoxicated.







- Flashback Begins -

About six months into cohabiting with Samuel, one night, Yuri was awoken to the sound of things falling around. It was dead into the night, and when she had gone to bed she had been alone. When she went to the living room downstairs to check, she found a piss-drunk Samuel, staggering, grabbing anything that he could hold onto to steady his out of control body in vain.

Hair out of place, unkempt clothes, reeking of alcohol, he looked every bit the roadside drunkard at the moment.

When he noticed her standing by the stairs, he waved to summon her. Yuri was kind of intimated because she had never seen Samuel this drunk before.

"Help me undress."

Huffing and puffing, he was tugging at his tie that was seemingly annoying him. Yuri gingerly drew closer, undid his tie, and took his jacket off. As she did, a whiff of an unusual scent took her by surprise. It was easy to miss the fragrance of candles coming from under the dominant smell of spirits, but it had still adhered to his clothes. It was now that her attention was drawn to his clothes. He was dressed for a funeral.



What's been going on?

As she slowly unbuttoned his shirt, Samuel pulled her closer. In an instant, she fell onto his body. After a moment his warm tongue glided into her mouth. The taste of bitter alcohol seeped into her mouth. Then he let go of her lips and embraced her, resting her head on his chest.










She could distinctly hear the frantic beating of his heart. It invoked a strange sensation in her, somewhat unsettling.

? The Villa President that I talked about? That's my father. Today is the day that man died, the man who abandoned his wife and his son for some woman.

He murmured about his father as if he were sleep-talking.

Nevertheless. I sometimes miss my father. the man who abandoned me.

With that, he fell asleep while hugging and petting her.

Yuri stayed still for a while in his arms. She hesitated, but then gently brushed through his hair. It was her first time touching him with sympathy. She started to feel pity for him. The grown man who seemed so strong and intimidating was no different from an immature and unstable boy.

It was from this moment on, that his impregnable exterior started to crumble and the dark hell that lay behind came into view.

- Flashback Ends -

It was Samuel's voice that stopped Yuri from zoning out.

"Enough with my story, it's your turn. Tell me what did you remember? How astonishing was it for you to make you jump into the river?"


"I didn't jump into the river. I just forgot that I was in an area where the ground could potentially sink."

Yuri hesitated, she had yet to make up her mind about whether it was okay to tell him the truth. There was nothing to be certain of except for one fact: Samuel Seo would never do any harm to her.






The man was many things, but somehow she could not see him as someone pushing her into danger. She decided to follow her instincts.


"?? That was where Hye-yeon Jin died. And if I'm guessing correctly, I think I witnessed it."



Although it was a few measly words, the weight they held was enormous. Unable to bear the burden, Yuri fell asleep in an instant. In truth, she had passed out. The dip in the river, the struggle to stay alive. her energy had been sucked dry.

Samuel gazed at the slumbering figure as his mind wandered around the confession she had made.

I was the last person whom Hye-yeon Jin encountered before she died. After that, I witnessed her death. It was definitely not suicide. Somebody murdered her.

Somebody murdered Hye-yeon Jin? He made a mental note to take a deeper look into this claim.

Samuel examined the two phones he usually carried around. One seemed to be dead but luckily his personal phone was waterproof. He bit on his damp cigarette and called Jin-wook .

The man immediately responded.

"Yes, Sir."

"We need to look more deeply into Yuri. Find out what happened to her after she went missing."

"Do you mean 4 years ago?"









"Correct. And you told me that you've met the officer who was responsible for Hye-yeon Jin's case? Were there any peculiar details?"

"What do you mean by peculiar details?"

"The last person Hye-yeon Jin saw before she died was Yuri. Yuri witnessed Jin get murdered."

"Did Ms. Han regain her memories?"

"Only partially."

Jin-wook was speechless for a minute. He cautiously talked about the stories of the past.

"To be honest, the officer did throw some questions during his investigation. She drowned but her lungs weren't full of water. It was logical to suspect murder in regards to all the evidence, but back then I believed that it had nothing to do with Ms. Han, which is why I did not report it to you."

"If there were proofs of murder, then why didn't the police investigate into it?"

"A person of high authority pressured them to end their investigation. It didn't even reach the National Forensic Service. Mr.

Jin wanted to keep things quiet too. They even skipped the funeral and cremated the body."

"By high authority you mean."

"You're right. It's In-bae Lee." He completed his boss's words for him.



He's in this again, In-bae Lee. Samuel chewed on his cigarette.









"If it was a murder, then who killed Hye-yeon Jin, and for what reason?"












It was the most essential question to be asked. Also, if Hye-yeon Jin was murdered, then why did Myeong-je Jin act so atypically towards his own daughter's death?

"Why are you curious? Isn't it irrelevant?" Jin-wook asked.

"It's not irrelevant once Yuri is a witness. If I were the criminal I would get rid of the witness first." In no time, Samuel had thought this through. As of now, Yuri Han's existence had yet to be discovered. How could one be sure that it would remain so? When a father didn't say a peep about his daughter's murder, this was just a chauffeur's daughter after all.



"I'll look into it." Jin-wook replied with a heavy voice.

After hanging up, Samuel added more firewood upon noticing the temperature was going down. There's a two-week gap between the day Yuri left his house and the day Hye-yeon Jin's corpse was found. He wondered about the things that had led to her memory loss.



Cold, Yuri curled up into a ball. Oh no, she can't end up getting cold after Manager Choi trying so hard to keep her warm.

Samuel benevolently pulled Yuri towards himself. She instinctively snuggled into his warm chest. The feeling of her slender arms felt magical. Her gentle breaths tickled his neck and triggered his nerves.


Was it because he had been abstaining recently? Her bare body sticking to his was too much of a challenge to his self-control. His rational mind was reminding him of how weak she was to be touched at the moment, but his senses were throwing a tantrum.









He knew he couldn't give in, most critically, he hated when Yuri looked pressured and intimidated by him.

Thus, he resigned to calmly hugging Yuri and trying to control his desire when he noticed the mug she was drinking from. It was one of the few objects of his father that had not been moved to his own house.


Ji-ye. Was that woman's hobby pottery?

Samuel added strength to the arm that was holding Yuri.

I am not like my father. I will never tolerate anybody hurting my woman. Whoever it happens to be, I will not accept it. Not even In-bae Lee.


Samuel kissed Yuri's forehead as if he was etching a vow.




Jae-won arrived at the bar earlier than promised. He greeted the bartender he was close to and took a seat. This was one of Si-yeon's favorite bars in the neighborhood. The bartender embraced him and offered him a Glenfiddich.

He took a sip into the drink and enjoyed the moment of relaxation. It had been the busiest two weeks of his life. From a betrothal of a rich family to a couple of celebrity weddings and unofficial VIP meetings, he was all around the place. When he thought he could finally take a break, the 'Me-Too' accusation against Seok-ha Yoo happened.



By the time he had wrapped up his tasks, he felt as if he had aged by five years. He was planning on enjoying his drink and just dropping dead in bed tonight.

"Is the general manager not joining you today?"






It must've looked extremely unusual to the bartender that he was drinking by himself, but it was true that he never did. Jae-won glanced at his watch and shook his head.

"She'll be here later. She has an after-party to attend."

"I see. I have something to tell you before she comes back."

"What is it?" His sly tone made Jae-won fix his posture.

"She's a frequent customer, and she told me to tell you that she's interested in you Sir."

The bartender handed him something. It was a name card. The words 'Let's get in touch.' was written in cute handwriting. She identified herself as a model.

"Is she a model?" Jae-won asked the bartender.

"She is. She's been making the front covers of the magazines recently. She's really beautiful."

Jae-won smirked and stuck the name card into his pocket. I'll call her when I get bored. Then suddenly he remembered the time when he handed his name card to a girl.

I might not be able to call you back.

Yuri had indeed never called. He thought she was only flirting when she said so but allegedly she meant her words. He should've been able to tell that she wasn't playing hard to get.

He got her contact information from the agency, so he could always come up with an excuse to talk to her. What should he do? He didn't want to appear desperate but she was perfectly his type. Should he keep his ego or follow his instincts? It was one helluva question to decide.








While he was in a dilemma, the bartender served him a second glass of Glenfiddich. When he held up the glass, he noticed Si-yeon walking in through the door. It seemed like he had no choice but to take her home.


After his family told him not to get "sexually involved with a future family member" when he took her home after an after-party, he was reluctant to get into that misunderstanding again. He looked at her pathetically.


"Why are you so drunk?"

"I wasn't in the best condition these days. It was my party with that branch. I kept accepting drinks to be polite and I went past my limit." Si-yeon took a seat and ordered 3 cocktails. It was an old habit of her to order a bloody mary with a tomato when she thought she was getting close to her limit.

"What did your department store decide to do regarding Seok-ha

Yoo?" Jae-won asked Si-yeon.

"We've decided to sue him, of course. There are still two years left on the contract for our collaboration. There's a rumor that his wife is filing for a divorce."

"That's stupid. From what I've heard the wife's reaction to this incident was ridiculous. I heard she treated the victims as if they were gold diggers, and after all of that NOW they're getting divorced?"


"I know right?" Si-yeon chuckled as she took a sip of her cocktail.

"How was the after-party??"

"It was great. The stores are making quite a lot these days. Seo Hwa Dang, the restaurant, is also becoming our branch. Oh,






speaking of which, I was at the place for that matter and bumped into Samuel. I think he was with a girl."

At that instant, Jae-won gave out the loudest cough ever.







Jae-won cringed as he snorted out the burning whiskey from his nose, and Si-yeon was laughing at the ridiculous sight.

"Wow, you looked genuinely surprised."

"Is it true?" Jae-won asked as he wiped his mouth with a napkin.

"I think so, the person I saw did resemble him. It's funny how the first person I was reminded of was Samuel, but he does have strong features." Suddenly, her smile disappeared, she gazed at her best friend suspiciously. "But what's up with that reaction? You know something about this?"

"I-It just doesn't make any logical sense. You know Samuel's on vacation, right? He usually goes hunting bison or something in some wilderness or practice shooting at the range. But he's seen at Seohwadang? It's so random."

Hold a second, Seohwadang? Jae-won was thinking rapidly. Isn't

Seohwadang the favorite restaurant of that woman? The woman Samuel is looking for, the one who's dead, the one's who's Hye-yeon Jin but not actually Hye-yeon Jin? It's good that he actually found her, because he would've done anything to find her until he actually did. But wasn't it too risky to go places and be exposed to the public with her?



The Seo family tended to not interfere with their son's dating life.

However, marriage was a completely different story. As long as Samuel was compliant with an arranged marriage, the family did not care about anything else.

This went on to say that ethics and morality took a backseat when it came to business-marriage. So, matters like how many








mistresses he kept, brothels he visited, so long as they were away from the limelight no one batted an eyelid.

Mrs. Go, Si-yeon's mother, on the other hand, was well-known for her feisty personality. She held a tight leash on matters business and personal. Si-yeon herself too was cold-hearted compared to her bubbly appearance. Many things that girls her age took an interest in, like affection and love, this businesswoman had never paid mind to them.



The reason behind Jae-won's exaggerated reaction was the person he was most afraid of- Chairman Seo, Samuel's grandfather. No matter what the members of the Seo family were up to, they could never escape this old tiger. He would turn a blind eye to everything his children and grandchildren did, except for matters involving the arranged marriage. In this regard, the old man would spare no one who interfered with his arrangements.

His worst fears were becoming reality. Jae-won emptied his glass in one go as dread smuggled upon him.



On the ride back, Yuri was lost in thoughts. She had visited the place Hye-yeon died in order to retrieve her memories but had failed to do exactly so.

Why did it have to be there out of all the places?

If her memory was accurate, that place was an old storage area of Jinseong Province. The more she thought, the more confused she was. More questions whose answers she knew not emerged.

Why was she with Hye-yeon in the first place? She tried to clear his thoughts but it was easier said than done. She tried to think hard, trying to piece the bits of information she had.







Yuri scowled in frustration which caught Samuel's attention.

"Are you not feeling well?" he asked.

She turned to look at him. "No, I'm fine. It's nothing to worry about."

With that, the car returned to silence. Between her musings, it struck Yuri that she didn't feel uneasy like expected after a bout of drenching. She was susceptible to cold, just a few minutes under a drizzle would set her up for days with a blocked nose and fever to say nothing of a dip in freezing water. She was a hundred percent sure that she would catch a cold, but surprisingly, that never happened. It probably helped to fall asleep in the arms of a man with a warm body temperature and to have a hearty meal.

When they were almost home, Samuel broke the silence by asking Yuri a question.

"So, what's your plan afterward?"

"Plan? What do you mean?" She looked at him confused.

"Your plan after you regain your memories. If you were right about Hye-yeon Jin's murder, what are you going to do about it? Are you going to call the police? That would be tricky since the investigation ended years ago."


"I know it's going to be difficult. Nobody is going to be kind enough to reopen a case that was finalized years ago simply because of my memory and no evidence."

She knew that the police would not cooperate especially if the suspect was In-bae Lee. She knew her recollection would only throw her into another kind of torment- seeing the guilty live life king size. But what could she do? Go up against them with nothing to back her, not even a shred of evidence? Who would heed her?







She had thought of this eventuality, her silence right now was proof.



Samuel tapped on his steering wheel as he wondered curiously.

"You were looking to retrieve your memory without any plan?"

"You don't understand. You never will. You'll never know the pain of not being able to remember something so significant. A person I loved died before my eyes. I should never forget that."

That wasn't all. Who, and why, was anyone trying to kill her? She had to know the truth to protect herself. She didn't know if she was out of danger for sure, she didn't know if it was being in the States that got her four years of lease to her life. Right now, she needed to unearth the truth in order to keep herself secure, no matter how twisted the logic sounded, this was all she had.

Samuel leaned his elbow on the window deep in thoughts.

Yuri was struggling with fatigue. She wanted to go home and take a long rest. Oh, the medications? She suddenly remembered she had not taken her medications for the past few days. The antidepressant wasn't that essential, but she thought she should not forget to take the other medications when she got back home.

They drove away from downtown and entered a calm suburban neighborhood. The car entered the parking lot and came to a stop.

Yuri hastily unfastened her seat belt to get out of the vehicle, but the door stayed shut.








When she turned to look at him, Samuel reached out to the black box to turn the power off. Yuri stared at him curiously.

"What are you-?"

Before she could finish her sentence, her seat was pulled back. Samuel attached himself onto her body and roughly pressed his lips onto hers and unzipped her dress.

"Wa.Wait!" Yuri grabbed his hands bringing him to a halt.

"Does it have to be? HERE?"

They were a staircase away from home. At home, there was a large soft bed. Yuri couldn't understand why this man was throwing his body onto her in the car at a parking lot.

Samuel was not pleased when she stopped him. He raised his eyebrows and pulled down her hands. His hard cock was bulging in his pants. Yuri was so surprised that she tried to get away from him, but he stopped her.

"I was like this the whole time I was driving. All because I want to penetrate you." His voice dropped, his head even more.

He impatiently took off her bra and devoured her breats. Yuri could feel his tongue teasing her flesh. His hand was already playing around with her private area underneath

her underwear. As her clit was rubbed, she cried out in rapture.

"I want to shove mine into you and come inside you-" He mumbled, while a long finger made it into her entrance. She arched her head back as the sharp sensation assaulted her senses. His moist tongue l!cked her neckline and yet another finger made its way in. "- until it squirts out of you."






"Oh. Hmm~." Muffled moans slipped her lips, she turned her head to the side.

"You're getting wet easily now."

Satisfied and excited by her response, his fingers wandered inside her. He started to kiss her lips. Her cave greedily swallowed his fingers, tightening around them firmly soaking them in her juices. His trail of kisses made their way downwards to her neck and rosy buds. By now, her whole body was bathed in a hue of wine under the ministrations of the man intoxicated by pleasure.

Now that her den was moist enough, he retrieved his fingers, stripped his pants, and freed his throbbing shaft. Then, immediately grabbing her ankles, he placed them on top of the seat.


"What are you doing!"

Yuri was startled to find herself sitting in a position that resembled a perfect "M". Her hidden features were so visible.

"Licking it, of course." His lustful eyes never once left her honeypot.

"No, just. let's just do it. I haven't even washed-"

Other than being inundated, she hadn't taken a proper shower.

She felt disgusted at the thought. However, Samuel did not stop and spread her folds with his finger. It was completely wet from excitement. It looked quite delicious to his eyes.

Samuel tickled her den, Yuri helplessly squirmed. He then opened up her legs further.

"You know that your scent turns me on so hard?" Samuel growled.










Her heavy breathing made him crazy. Her soft moans were music to his ears.

Yuri could not help but twist her waist. Her legs were wide apart, and her tongue was trembling. She tried to stop the man attacking her cherry with his tongue, but her ankles were firmly held. It was going to leave a mark, a symbol that represented her everlasting attachment to Samuel.



Whenever his tongue moved into her, she squeezed her toes from the tickling sensation. Her sensual voice rang through the car.

"Hmm? my? goodness-" She could not stop the notes of pleasure leaving her full lips. Suddenly, her body froze and unrestrained rained over the leather seat.

"I should change the seat covers." A pleased Samuel murmured.

Yuri was busy panting when he pulled down his pants. His already erect rod glided smoothly into her hold. She arduously held back her scream.


Samuel sank as deep as he could, zealously swaying his hips. It was his first time indulging at a place other than a bedroom. He was mightily aroused, and the woman's sensuous appearance, still bathed in the afterglow, excited him even further.

Her core desperately played with his manhood. He let out a groan as he fell into a pattern of going back and forth. Her body joined his rhythm, moving up and down. When his thrust hit her hard, she felt herself on the brink of losing sanity. The car shook as the pair arduously plunged into the ocean of coital pleasure.

When she peaked, he too basked in his ecstasy, pouring his seed into her, until the last moment. When she felt the hot liquid








disperse inside of her, she firmly held onto his sturdy back, trembling.

But he didn't pull out. As he peppered her with kisses and fondled her domes, the one-eyed monster stood upright declaring his stance.


Again? Here?

Before she could come to terms, they'd switched position. She snuggly sat atop him, as he worked her hips. As the slapping of flesh transitioned into a carnal bliss in the enclosed car, the air filled with a damp, squishy noise.

The second round lasted longer than the first. Unlike before, they were even more passionate as they let loose themselves, surrendering to the other. This was different from all the other times in which one dominated the other one. This time their actions and feelings were mutual.



Yuri swayed in a seductive dance, unbridled she rode him. discovering and rediscovering the sensuality. Samuel immersed himself in the whirlpool of seduction and thrill embracing an euphoria he had never experienced.

After their long, amorous interplay, she lay nestled in his warmth. She heaved, face radiating her inner ecstasy as she pressed her forehead onto the taut shoulder. Revelling in this bliss, his sturdy arms enveloped her, gently stroking her back as he lowered his lips to her neck.



Time stood still as a serene silence shrouded the entwined bodies, allowing them to etch this moment in their hearts. forever.






Ever since she returned from Jinseong, Yuri could not leave her bed for three days straight. To be more exact, she could not leave Samuel's arms. He ate most of the meals in bed and even carried her to the bathroom. Was it because he worked out intensely on a regular basis? His energy and virility were simply incredible. He coveted her as if it was the sole purpose of his vacation.

It was ironic. He had tasked Manager Choi to help recover her health with nutritious meals, but now that she was healthy again, the very man was exhausting her even more. She had to endure him twice and even thrice in one night. To his credit, this avaricious man was actually controlling his pace. What's more, he even kept her hydrated and let her get enough sleep.

But he tried to stick to her skin every little second. Her body was filled with his seed. Even beasts that lived for sex, by sex, and because of sex would not act as wildly as he was. It was appalling how a person's desire could be so intense.

But who was she to blame? Wasn't she the one moaning in pleasure under his skin?

Yuri couldn't even get herself together while the man was getting ready for work. Samuel finished dressing up, walked towards her, and patted her bare back.

"I should tell Manager Choi to get some expensive supplements for you."



Supplements to make me more exhausted? Yuri deliberately let out an audible sigh.

"You're insane. Instead of getting me supplements, you should think about refraining yourself. "






"Did you not look at the mirror yesterday? You were so beautiful nobody could have refrained from you."

The word 'mirror' made her blush. Last night, he was enjoying a session in various positions in front of a mirror that covered an entire wall in the dressing room.

"? You pervert."

"It's not like I enjoyed it by myself? And I'm actually trying my best to stay on the same pace as you. You're way too weak."

There's no way he can be holding back! She screamed in her mind but said nothing.

Samuel looked genuinely disappointed. He pouted while rubbing her buds. Yuri's body reacted immediately. She pushed him back and pulled up her blanket.

"You're not thinking about staying home today, are you?" She glared at him.

Samuel chuckled as he got up from the bed.



It was an hour after Samuel left, that Yuri finally got out of bed. She wanted to get some sleep while she was free of his touch but instead decided to do some more research on Sang-gu Park.

She stopped her indifferent steps to the restroom when she was in front of the mirror in the dressing room. The dresser that was completely sabotaged last night was squeaky clean and neatly organized. However, the finger marks left on the mirror reflected the memories of last night.



"Oh.!"







The man's pants and the woman's moans filled up the entire dressing room.

"No. Look directly in the mirror."

Samuel's voice sounded very relaxed. He reached out to elevate her face. Yuri had no choice but to gaze into the mirror. She was so flustered that even her neck was dyed scarlet. The dresser was brightly lit to make everything clearly apparent.

The large mirror that was as big as the entire wall portrayed a woman and a man, completely bare without even a hint of fabric around. Yuri's eyes met with the woman in the mirror. Her pale skin was covered with red marks. Her pair of wet and round buds shook as they followed her every movement.

The nipples that the man so eagerly played with his tongue were ripe as juicy berries. Underneath them was a long hard stick that was stabbing the woman's cherry.

Samuel very slowly turned his waist and endlessly tickled her clit. Yuri desperately tried to withhold the peaking only in vain. Her body spazzed out and arched backward.

"Ah. ah!"

The translucent nectar slid down her thighs and dropped on the floor. Her legs lost strength and she dropped to the floor. She held his arms and pleaded.

"Sto. Stop it. I'm too exhausted to keep standing up."

Seeing her own naked body through the mirror was enough to stimulate her excitement more than usual. Her body would not stop wetting.

"You keep finishing by yourself. that's why."






And it's all his fault! Yuri glared at his eyes touching his private area through the mirror. The man in the mirror was truly enjoying the situation. His rod was upright even after relieving several times.

"I have just started this round."

Samuel pushed his hot penis inside while pulling her towards him, maintaining the position. Yuri naturally ended up sitting on top of him and noticed his predatory glare. The position allowed the man to penetrate even more deeply, and their actions were more exposed to the mirror.

Her core was wide open, welcoming his cock from the tip to the base. She was so shocked at the view that she tried to close her legs but the man meanly held her thighs firmly and kept them wide apart.


She bit her lips and shook her head, she was ashamed. Her pale legs wide apart, her black forest, pink, flustered flesh, with large meat deeply wedged into her were all enough to make her feel embarrassed. However, what made her feel so weird was that she was enjoying every second of this situation. Samuel's panting became hastier as if he was feeling the same.

"Look closely at how ecstatically you're devouring me."

He held her hips and shook her up and down repetitively. She could see his wet rod constantly tickling her senses. She was embarrassed and hid her face behind her hands. How the man would not take his eyes off her. Unable to endure it any longer, she pleaded.



"Please. I'm too shy for this."













How come? Your beauty makes me go insane.

Samuel sounded genuinely puzzled. His hand felt her lips, neck, and traced downwards. He grasped on her bosom, then slid down her ribs and to her flat stomach. He was gentle like he were touching an exquisite and delicate piece of art. His finger stopped on her thighs.



She shook mildly.

"Put your hands down and look in the mirror."

His words were like a spell. Yuri obeyed him as if she were bewitched and looked at Samuel's eyes through the mirror. He licked her neck, keeping eye contact all along.

"It was only you. I only have you. the only one who makes me lose control."













He was not the only person wrecked by sexual desire. The look in her eyes reflected his feelings. She had plunged into this bottomless abyss, willingly.

Locking his hands onto her waist, he shoved himself inside of her. A squeaky racket obnoxiously hit his ears. He made her lean on the mirror and propped her chin up.

"You better remember. How you look when I come inside you."

The woman in the mirror turned crimson. Her eyes were teared up, her cherry red lips quivered. She had on a dreamy expression, her beauty triggering him full on. He felt nauseous, every nerve of him seemed to react to her.

Yuri was on the verge of tears, but she did not stop squeezing and relaxing on his shaft. She was ravening for every single drop of his seed. She did not want to admit it, but her body desired him.

"Hmm."

Yuri sighed as she took off her clothes and stepped into the shower. There were so many afterimages running through her head. Her fingers were acting on their own like when she was focused on her work.

When her slump impeded her from drawing, the people around her sincerely recommended sexual intercourse. She even had a coworker who got her inspirations from indulging in debauchery.

But Yuri had shaken her head every time. It was impossible for her to build up such a desire. She enjoyed lewd sex in her dreams. She could never imagine sleeping with someone in real life.









But ever since she started having sex with Samuel, the fantasies that she had tried to resist were starting to colonize her mind. What she saw through the mirror last night, the scorching heat and tension, the energetic man, the bleary-eyed woman, were all wildly boosting up her artistic creativity.

As she was lathering up the body wash all over her body, she noticed semen flow out from in between her legs. It was as if Samuel, who would always affectionately clean her with a towel after a session, had left a mark to indicate his possession of her. But no matter how much he tried, there was no chance that he would impregnate her.



Yuri carefully scratched out the residue in between her legs.. Her body felt too weak to function properly anymore. She silently looked down as yesterday's residue was washed away.




In the living room downstairs was Manager Choi awaiting her.

Once she saw her, she greeted her. "I was just about to wake you up for breakfast."

The dining table was filled with platters of delicious dishes prepared for Yuri. Chicken soup, cooked abalone, crab, steamed sea bream, eel and galbi, an assortment of vegetables, pancakes, and three types of kimchi. The quantity was more than enough for a party.



The menu intimidated Yuri. These were all foods known to build stamina. She didn't have to think hard as to whose brains this idea had popped from. She inwardly sighed and resigned to her fate. The man was hopeless in this regard.

After she had finished her meal, Manager Choi handed her a small shopping bag.






"What is this?" she asked, puzzled.

"It's the phone you used. The director had asked me to get it repaired, but I thought it would be better to replace it. Once it's been in the water, it won't function properly like before." She smiled politely.


"Oh, thanks."

She'd completely forgotten about the demise of her phone, but she was more surprised that the man had already dealt with it without her saying so.

When she turned on the phone, she was greeted by a series of missed calls and messages. It was Roy Jean who had left the most calls as usual. He must have been worried sick about her. She made a mental note to call him back and read through the list of missed calls. She noticed Hyeon-ah Kim's number.

Could it be. that she found Hye-seong's number? Yuri hastily called her back.

"Hello?" Hyeon-ah Kim's drowsy voice sounded from the other end.

"Manager Kim, it's me, Yuri. I saw that you had called me."

She was no longer a manager, but Yuri couldn't come up with an appropriate way to address her. After all, it was a habit she had picked up when substituting Hye-yeon. The woman on the other end too didn't seem to care. She simply continued with the conversation.



"Did something happen? You didn't reply for a while."

"I'm sorry. I dropped my phone in water so I had to get it repaired.

Do you, by any chance, happen to know where Hye-seong is?"








"Sorry. I don't."

She was disappointed by the firm response. Then why did she call? She silently waited for the other side to speak.

"To be honest, there's something I was debating on whether to tell you or not, but I think it's right to tell you. It's about Mr. Han's accident."


"About my father's accident?"

"It's not something to talk through the phone. I would like to see you. Can you come to the café?"

"I will. It would take about an hour or two." She quickly agreed.

"That's fine. I'll wait."

Yuri hung up the phone and rushed to get dressed. Information about her father's accident. her heart was pounding.

However, before she could even take a step out, Manager Choi blocked her way.

"Where are you going, Ms. Han?" Her words were polite but assertive. Apparently, this girl's previous "shopping" had not bode her too well it seems.

"I have someone to meet. May I go out?" Yuri caught her drift and decided to take the peaceful way out of this. After all, throwing a tantrum to have their way was something only children would do.

"Of course you may, but you will go with a driver and guards. And I will report this to the director. Will that do?"

Her boss would bring the roof down on all those breathing if this woman went missing. And Manager Choi was someone who never






committed the same mistake twice, nor had to be told something twice.



Yuri nodded. Samuel wanted to help her recover her memories, so there was no reason for him to hinder her from meeting Hyeon-ah Kim. Besides, it was just a car and escorts, she would live with it.





What secret is Hyeon-ah Kim holding onto?

The journey to Jinseong was filled with anxiety and thoughts. She didn't completely trust the former manager, but she worked for the

Jins for a decade or so. So, she was someone who would know something about them better than her. She had to face this no matter what it held in store for her.

A sudden phone call almost jolted the jittery Yuri. She thought it must be Samuel checking on her, but instead, it was Roy Jean. Yuri happily answered the call.

"Yuri? Is that you?"

"Yes, it's me, Yuri."

"Where were you these past few days? Is everything okay?" His voice was a mix of worry and concern.

"Yes, I accidentally dropped my phone in water. I just got it repaired."

"I thought something happened to you."

"I apologize for not calling you. I've been preoccupied these days."

"You're taking your medications properly?"

"Yes."

She felt bad for lying but she didn't want to worry him. Roy finally seemed relieved.

"How are your memories? Are you making progress?"










"I've retrieved a few. I'm actually on my way to speak to someone who has an essential key to the secret."

"Secret? What secret?"

Yuri hesitated for a moment, then answered.

"Murder."

That was all she could say at the moment.




"Welcome."

Yuri walked into the café, and Hyeon-ah Kim greeted her. Her face was calm as usual, unlike someone who was about to reveal a secret.


"You've come a long way. Aren't you tired? Do you want something to drink? Coffee? Juice?" She offered as if they were meeting casually.


"No thanks, I'm fine. What was it that you were trying to tell me about my father?" Seeing the other party's carefree attitude, Yuri broached the subject.

"Why so hasty? Take some time to breathe. By the way, who drove you here? There are some suspicious-looking people outside over there."


"I told you before. I know a person. They're all hired by that person." She wasn't comfortable with how the woman was being nosy. If it weren't for the information, she would have walked out.

"Oh right, Samuel Seo."









Yuri's eyes widened when Hyeon-ah mentioned his name. She had not mentioned this name ever but still, she knew.

"How do you know him?" she asked, a little guarded now.

"I saw him the other day, didn't I? He's quite famous. I'd seen him at Hotel Jinseong several times too. He got engaged recently, didn't he? Is it okay for you to meet such a guy?"

"I just asked him for a favor while I'm in Korea. All aside, can you tell me about my father?"

"Of course, I keep losing track. Now's not the time to talk about Samuel."

Saying so, Hyeon-ah led her to a table. As Yuri was about to sit down, she heard a sound from the storage.

"Is someone in there?"

Hyeon-ah Kim was bringing coffee. She looked at the storage and shook her head. "There's a cat in there once in a while."

"Oh, I see." Yuri's eyes lingered a little in the direction of the voice.

"You seem to have gained some weight than before. You were always gorgeous, but you look way better. Don't you have guys queuing up for you?" Hyeon-ah Kim insincerely let out a joke as she took a seat.


Hyeon-ah seemed so nonchalant, that Yuri felt suspicious, even so, she had to play along.

"Now tell me about my father's accident."

"To be honest. your father's accident, might not have been an accident." Her tone was grave as she spoke.






"What did you say?"

The truth was revealed at an unexpected moment. Hyeon-ah examined Yuri's reaction as if she was looking out the window watching a passing scene, and then calmly bit on a cigarette. She puffed out a thick cloud of smoke and started her story.

"Was it a day before the accident. Maybe two days before?

President Jin and Driver Han had an argument in the hotel lobby.

Mr. Jin told his men to take him away. "

"Father fought with President Jin? Why?"

She couldn't believe this. Father argued with President Jin. The father she remembered obeyed every single command and agreed on everything the president said.

"I don't know the details, but from what I heard, Mr. Han had his hands on Mr. Jin's possession. I remember Mr. Jin furiously running around to have it back. Then, the accident happened. It's strange.
Your father would never drink because of his job normally, but he got hit by a car when fully drunk."

"How could this be."

Yuri clenched her fist.

"Did you tell the police about this?"

"The police?" Hyeon-ah Kim sniggered. "Honey, don't you know what kind of frauds the cops at Jinseong are? They're not going to flinch an inch even when they hear the story."









Yuri realized she was right. The lawmakers of this city could give the lawbreakers a run for the money. Even if Hyeon-ah had gone to them even with substantial proof, they would have just shrugged it off. And the man in question was a well-known personality, the list of policemen on his payroll would be never-ending.



Suddenly, she was drained of all energy. Yuri held up the cup with her trembling hands and took a sip of the coffee. She had to organize her thoughts. Now was not the time to crumble and fall.

"Then why are you telling me this now?" she asked.

"You left for the States, and I didn't have the authority to request a new investigation. But when I heard you came back to Korea, I thought it was appropriate to tell you."

Was this the truth? She didn't know. If President Jin was the criminal, there's nothing linked to Sang-gu Park and In-bae Lee. Actually, Sang-gu Park shared a link with In-bae Lee and Mr. Jin, so. fine. But what about herself? What about Hye-yeon Jin?

"Do you know what my father was trying to take from Mr. Jin?" She prodded.

"Hmm, I'm not sure. Was something missing from his belongings?"

"I don't know. My uncle took care of it instead of me." Yuri sighed. She remembered nothing, not even her father's funeral. Those ten or so days were such a big mystery.

"Why don't you take a look into it? It might become essential evidence to reopen an investigation." Hyeon-ah suggested.









If there was evidence, a reinvestigation did not seem so impossible. But for that, where should she look for the evidence, and was there even any?

Yuri got out of Hyeon-ah Kim's café pale and frozen. The driver who was opening the door looked concerned.

"Madam, Are you okay? You look very sick."

"I'm just a little tired. I would like to go home and rest." She politely replied.

"I understand."

Yuri got in the car and leaned on the seat with her eyes closed.

There were so many questions. What was her father trying to take? Why did her father, who was ever so loyal to Mr. Jin, suddenly have his hands on his possession, and what was this thing that even triggered a murder?


She was going in circles. All this thinking and surmising was taking a toll on her, her head started to ache. She could not breathe or move. She needed to take her medicine.

Yuri took out her medicine box from her bag. She took a pill and hoped that it would help her and counted the remaining pills. She discovered she might not have enough for her month-long business trip.


She had to go back to the States for a refill of her medication, and there were so many steps to follow on the way back at the airport because the medication contained an ingredient that was illegal in Korea. Luckily Davis and Roy were a great help, but she still had to waste an entire day at the airport. It was awful just thinking about it. She doubted that Samuel would allow her to go to the States alone anyways.








She had to double-check on her father's belongings, so she did need to visit the States, but how?

Fortunately, she was not as pale when she arrived home. She was drowsy from her medication, and just dropped on her bed. She took a nap until Samuel came home and woke her up.

Samuel asked Yuri, who was struggling to open her swollen eyes. "I heard that you met Hyeon-ah Kim in Jinseong. Did she say anything helpful?"


Yuri was about to tell him about her father, but she hesitated. She remembered what Hyeon-ah Kim said to her.

He got engaged recently, didn't he? Is it okay for you to meet such a guy?

Okay, maybe there's no need to mention Father. Their relationship wasn't going to last anyways. They were bound by a contract and he had a fiancée. Sooner than later they were to part.

More so because she was of the opinion that her relationship with Samuel should only last until she recovers her memories. She didn't want him to go through her struggles. There was no point in bothering him with her problems.

He didn't owe her anything. Also, she couldn't be a part of his life either. They came from different worlds that were never supposed to intersect. It was a trick of fate that their paths had crossed, but it was only for a short time. So it was safe to say that neither was obligated to the other in any way. Then, why entangle when the time to break free was near?



Yuri said in a deep voice, "No, there was nothing helpful."












Perhaps it was her grogginess or something else, Samuel didn't pursue the matter. He let her be.

"Is that so? Have you had dinner yet?" he asked.

"No." She replied, still struggling to open her eyes.

"We'll eat first."

By the time dinner was served, Yuri was wide awake. She was contemplating when and how to broach the taboo topic plaguing her at the moment.

Yuri waited until Samuel put down his spoon before she started talking. "May I ask you a favor?"

"What is it?" Samuel looked surprised. She had never asked him for a favor. In fact, she had hardly ever asked him for anything. "What is it? Is there something you want to buy?"

Yuri was startled at how he was immediately about to call Manager Choi to give her a credit card.

"It's not that. I want to visit America." She spoke hurriedly.

"America? The States?" Samuel's face immediately hardened. This wasn't something he had expected.

However, Yuri calmly proceeded to say the things she'd memorized. "I told you that I was thinking about going back to school. Well, I want to discuss things with my uncle. He's always worried about me. I need to talk to the agency manager about the period remaining in my contract too."












"You can't do that in Korea?" He was obviously annoyed. He was not about to let her out of his sight.

Fearing things will go south before even she had a chance at it, she persuaded him as desperately as she could. "I need to get a refill from my pharmacy too. I'll be back as soon as possible."

Samuel fixed his eyes on the girl for a while. The cry of plea in her voice and eyes were hard to miss. After a moment, he reluctantly nodded. He must have been persuaded by her mentioning her refill.


"How long would it take you?"

"About ten days."

"No, that's too long. I'll give you a week," he said flatly.

"I'll waste two days already at the airport and on the plane. How would I possibly come back in a week-"

"No? Then forget about it."

There was no room for negotiation, she had to concede. "Fine, a week."



"Under one condition."

"Which is?" She looked at him with a raised eyebrow.

"I want you to get an examination at Seoin Hospital after you come back from America."

"I already got a check-up in America. My body's fine." She argued.

"I get to decide that. So what are you going to do about it?" His gimlet eyes pierced her, making his intention loud and clear. He






didn't care about her opinion, in fact, he wasn't asking for one. It was all of it or nothing.

Yuri knew better than anyone how obstinate he could be. If he took things up as a challenge, it would be even worse. She simply sighed, resignedly. "Fine, I'll get an examination. Are you happy?"

"Manager Choi's going with you." He declared.

"Manager Choi?!" She was taken aback now.

"She's a great help while abroad, speaks three languages, so you would have nothing to worry about. Or do you want Assistant Jung to go instead?"

Apparently, she was not going to go alone, so it was better for Manager Choi to follow her than Assistant Jung. She was comfortable with this woman. Yuri agreed and just when she thought this was the end of the conditions, the man spoke again.

"You will call me from there. Morning and night, twice a day."

How many conditions were there? And a phone call twice a day?

It's not like she was a prisoner that just got released. He has

Manager Choi to watch her every move! Her mind was screaming at the man's unreasonable demands. She was a little irritated now.

"Manager Choi will report everything to you anyways. Why do I need to call you?" Her tone was full of displeasure. But his next words were totally unexpected.

"You think you and Choi are the same?"

"?" She was silent for a brief moment. "Okay. I'll call you."

This was characteristic of Samuel Seo. The guy would always come up with things that were impossible to rebut, the other party






would have no choice but to toe the line. In fact, even if they did have a rejoinder, they would not dare to speak up knowing just how dangerous this person was. This way, he would always have his way no matter what.

To be honest, she was tired of it. But there was nothing that she could do about it. she just shook her head and rose from her seat, about to leave but Samuel grabbed her arm. There couldn't be something else he wanted to add. She worriedly looked at him.

Samuel grinned. "We need to have a week worth of sex right now."

He scooped her in his arms and walked towards their bedroom.

It was just as she expected.


  







"Strange." Hyeon-ah Kim murmured as she puffed out smoke.

Hye-seong frowned at her words. "What?"

"Yuri's reaction."

Hyeon-ah reflected upon the girl's reaction from that afternoon.

She had known the girl for some time now, and being in the hospitality business she knew to read people. Yuri and she had spent a lot of time working whenever the former would fill in for Hye-yeon, which would be quite often. So from the way the other had reacted, it wasn't the same as when she had discovered that her friend was dead. She was surprised for sure and genuinely, she could say that. However, she did not seem shocked enough. On the contrary, her intelligent mind seemed to be probing something.



"It was as if she already knew her father's death was not an accident." Hyeon-ah muttered as she mulled.

"She lost her memory. Is that a lie?" The man conjectured.

"No, it's not a lie." Hyeon-ah countered. "She was really shocked when she heard about Hye-yeon Jin. She wouldn't have stayed still for four years if she didn't actually lose her memory."

The girls were thick as thieves. they had grown up together and their friendship ran deeper than it seemed. They would always look out for each other, especially Yuri. She could never say no to her best friend and always covered for her when the other was indulging in her escapades. So, it was impossible for Yuri to have not been in the country knowing her friend was dead. She was too loyal for her own good.










"Then how did she find out?" Hey-seong demanded. If she didn't lose her memories, there was no way she would know her father died as a result of foul play and not a freak accident.

"I don't know, but a daughter can have doubts about her father's mysterious death for sure. She's a smart girl so she must have done some research. Look at how she's staying near Samuel Seo."

Hye-seong grasped his cup when he heard Samuel's name. His shoulder burned, he clenched his jaw discreetly.

But none of this escaped Hyeon-ah's discerning eyes. "That injury. you didn't get beaten up or stabbed by a knife. Did you get shot?"

She prodded.

"None of your business!" He snapped at her.

"How did you get shot in Korea? Unfazed, she went on asking.

"That's an unlikely thing to happen. Did someone keep a gun at home?"

"There's someone. He's completely insane."

Hyeon-ah was amused. She chuckled. "By the way, what was it likely to see Yuri for the first time in forever? You guys used to go out. She's even prettier now. I guess life got easier with a guy like Samuel Seo beside her."

Hyeon-ah's words stung. Hye-seong was always uncomfortable around this woman. It was ever since he saw her, a girl only five years older than him, encounter his father late in the night.
However, he ironically acknowledged the fact that she was the only person he could get help at the current situation.












She asked a question as she took out a new cigarette. "So what are you going to do now? Even if Yuri finds 'it', it won't be easy to talk to her with Samuel watching her."

"We need to come up with a method." He had thought about this hard. He knew the guy was a hunter and he was certainly on the lookout for him. Now he even had Yuri in the den. It was not going to be easy.


"Can I ask you something?"

Hye-seong gestured her to go ahead with his eyes.

Hyeon-ah's red lips lifted up. "Do you want to avenge for Hye-yeon, or do you want to find 'it'?"

"Both."

What Hye-seong Jin was never going to admit was the truest reason. Yes, he wanted to avenge his sister, and that thing held mammoth importance, but he wanted this most to satisfy his wounded ego.


The flower that once he had strongly desired, that was once almost at hand, was abruptly and ruthlessly snatched away from him. He had held it in for far too long, first because of his father and then again because of his father? The man had made sure to torment him even after his death. But now that the opportunity had befallen him, he would seek his retribution- if he couldn't have the flower, then he would trample on it so no one else could ever have it.



The shoulder stabbed again, Hye-seong growled a curse under his breath at the man who had inflicted the pain. Engorged in his loathing, he squeezed on his shoulder without noticing it bleeding.








He wanted to ruin Yuri Han. That was the probably the greatest revenge he could have on Samuel Seo.



"This is the list of people attending Senator Su-Kwang Lee's publication ceremony today with General Manager Si-yeon Yoon." Manager Lee got in the car with Samuel and handed him the list.

Samuel indifferently read through the list. Senator Lee was an old politician who was friends with his grandfather. He was now retired, but he used to be a man of significant authority to both parties, so the attendees to the ceremony were influential people.

Also, he recognized some of the names of popular candidates for the upcoming presidential election. One name that he particularly focused on was In-Bae Lee.

"In-Bae Lee is attending."

"He's an acquaintance of Su-Kwang Lee, and it is an appropriate ceremony for him to show up at."

It was then that Manager Lee received a text message from Assistant Kim. He was notified that Si-yeon had already arrived at the boutique.


"General Manager Yoon has arrived first."

The two had the same meetings to attend after their engagement ceremony. Samuel and Si-yeon's stylist prepared matching outfits at Song's boutique.

With his eyes fixed on the list in hand, Samuel said, "When we arrive, you can go home, Manager Lee."

"Thank you, Sir."












Weird. Something was different. Everything seemed normal and today was a typical day. So why did something feel so

off? Manager Lee carefully turned to look at his boss.

He'd never seen Samuel in such a great mood after his vacation. It seemed logical though. After all, taking a break from work was a burden to the scion of the Seo Empire. While other heirs spent vacationing in exotic locations, this former athlete would be seen carrying his shotgun up the mountains. Once there, he would not come down for days or lock the shooting range. He would stay there all by himself.



Whenever he had something bothering him or an important decision to make, he acted that way, isolating himself from everyone and everything.

So why did he all of a sudden become a whole other person? His face was not only flushing but also glowing. Even the female employees who were used to his handsomeness were blushing.

He was so positive today. What's more, there was even a rumor.

An employee who arrived early to finish up his task witnessed the stone-cold boss 'smile'.

It was clear that he was in the best mood he could ever be in. But no one knew the source of this delightfully shocking change.

"You got something to say?"

"Oh, no sir."

Samuel must have felt his stare. Manager Lee quickly turned to face forward lest the pleasantness turns to wrath. Contrary to how Samuel was being perceived, the man was deep in thoughts.










Director Seo was at the helm of Seo Group at the young age of twenty-eight. Unlike the men his age, he had never shown an extra ounce of emotion than was necessary. A man of few words, no matter the circumstances, failure, or success, remained perpetually aloof. Nothing, person or object, had ever lifted the corners of this facially paralyzed man's lips.

But. today.

Samuel had never been in a better mood than he was today. And Manger Lee was certain that this miracle was courtesy the person on the other end of the line. His boss had spent the entirety of the lunch break glued to the phone. The man never took a dedicated lunch break as such. He would have lunch in his office wrapping pending work the whole time. Thus, when the boss stayed, naturally, the employees in the secretarial department would stay back too ordering takeout.



However, Samuel, who was in a superb mood today, happily lent his card to the employees. Needless to say, the people of this department were on cloud nine. They took their time enjoying the rare meal, all except Manager Lee who finished his meal quickly and returned to the office.



It was there that he heard Samuel talking over the phone with someone. The door that was usually shut tight, was ajar. Thanks to this, Manager Lee discovered that his cold boss could also speak in the most affectionate way.

Was it a woman? It won't be his fiancée of course. Argh, what was he thinking?!














When the car entered the parking lot, Manager Song of the Song Boutique was already waiting to greet him. She welcomed Samuel inside.


"Manager Yoon is already in the fitting room."

"How many outfits did she choose?" he asked.

"She has chosen six."

Samuel looked at his watch to calculate the time. "Might take about half an hour. I'll get changed later."

He didn't like shopping. He hired a professional shopper to get all of his outfits for official meetings. Song, whom he had worked with for the past three years, was talented enough to please him every time. Today's suit was also a match to his taste.

"Then I'll notify you when it's time."

Samuel normally looked through papers or made business calls while Si-yeon got dressed. So, Song ordered an assistant to lead him to a private room.

"Actually, I want to look around."

"Pardon?" Manager Song was genuinely surprised.










Samuel's gorgeous face frowned. "Do I need to repeat myself?"

"I apologize. Is it a gift? May I see the profile??"

Usually, Samuel would hand Song a profile of the woman when he was looking for a gift. Then, Song would choose something befitting and gift wrap it. She would diligently save all of the profiles she was handed on her tablet so as to avoid recommending the same outfits in the future.



The young director would usually prepare gifts for his aunts and female cousins, or important women in his business. This time, his fiancée Si-yeon was added to that list.

Samuel stopped Song, who was going through the previous profiles.

"It's fine; I'll choose myself."

The boutique manager's fingers involuntarily slid off the tablet screen. Choose by himself? What she heard was simply unbelievable. A person who would not even choose his own outfits wants to choose a gift for someone else?

Song tried her best to keep her polite smile on and not reveal the shock in her heart. "Of course. This way please."

But it seemed like today was the day when Manager Song's emotions would be put to test and how. Before she could recompose herself from the initial shock, the man carelessly tossed her into a maze. The clothes he was choosing right now, to be precise the feminine pencil skirt or the long flared dress, weren't meant for a petite woman with a glamorous body figure like Si-









yeon's. Rather they did justice to the slender and tall ones with a fashion-model like figure.

When was it? She remembered the clothes Samuel bought one day. Early in the morning he had randomly summoned her to his office and handed her a shopping bag with heels and clothes, and asked her to come back in an hour with an outfit, innerwear, and heels of the same size. That was the first time Samuel ordered her to do so in three years.



The clothes back then were also for a woman of the same body type.



Samuel meticulously scoured over ten outfits, four pairs of heels, three bags, and even lingerie. In the end, he said to wrap them up in a gift box and he would send people over to collect it.

He spent so much money during his thirty minutes shopping, but there was not a trace of vexation or displeasure. Pure delight laced his handsome visage, with excitement lingering on. However, that excitement disappeared as soon as he saw a decked up Si-yeon walking out.



Manager Song escorted the pair of VIPs and wrapped the outfits Samuel had chosen.

Just then, one of the employees hurried over to the boss with a query. "Manager, the Louboutins Mr. Seo chose a few minutes ago are out of size 36. We only have size 38 left. Should I contact the S
Department Store for the same design?"

Si-yeon wore a size 36. The good employee who helped Si-yeon get dressed seemed to have remembered this and diligently brought the matter over to the boss. It would be embarrassing for the company to make any kind of mistake, to say nothing of an important thing such a size.






However, Song shook her head. "No, size 38 is correct."

"Pardon? But-"

"Haven't I told you not to be overly interested in a customer's privacy? If a word about this gets out, we're all doomed."

The employee was discouraged at the unjust reprimand. That woman was a size 38. Who was that woman? Was she a celebrity? A model? Song forgot about how she just berated her employee for being nosy and shook her legs from curiosity.

The art center where the ceremony was held was illuminated with fancy lights. Samuel and Si-yeon got out of the car, and their assistants led them inside.

The hall was already crowded with people. When the two entered the room, they had the attention of every eyeball there was. The couple's wealth and beauty were more than enough to enrapture those in attendance. They were a match made in heaven.

Su-Kwang Lee greeted them with the widest smile. "You are very welcome here. How's your grandfather, Director Seo?"

"He's doing very well. Thanks for asking." Samuel replied coldly.

"When's the wedding?" The cheery ex-politician asked, not at all minding the bland replies

"It's going to be next year." Another dull reply.

"The chairman must be very pleased. He's always wanted great-grandchildren." Su-Kwang Lee laughed excitedly.

Samuel and Si-yeon shared a few pleasantries with him and walked around the hall to say hello to the others. Everyone they greeted mentioned their wedding. Samuel knew they did not take






their upcoming nuptials seriously and rather treated it as fat meat of gossip. Not that he cared about his own marriage, but the idea of being the butt of their sadistic pleasure, didn't sit well with him.

When they'd finally walked around the entire hall greeting and meeting, something caught his attention. With great flair and fan following in came the presidential hopeful, In-Bae Lee. With a bright grin, he vigorously shook hands with Su-Kwang Lee. From time to time, laughter erupted from the small circle formed around the two men.



Samuel's cold, gimlet eyes trailed the man's every movement. How he spoke, his mannerism and every bit of detail was registered in his mind.

"I heard he is to be appointed as an official candidate. He seems to have a very strong support base." Si-yeon whispered to Samuel.

"I see." His tone was non-committal, concealing well his thoughts.

"I heard Kook Noh is a strong candidate for the opposing party."

She added.

"He's not influential enough to be a rival." He replied.

"I agree with you, but we never know. There is still time until the election."

They had known each other since childhood, but there was only one thing the two had in common- objective outlook. In that, they were identical: weighing their pros and cons, meticulously choosing their friends and foes, and never giving in to their impulse. Though young, they had never let their emotions come in the way of making a decision. Well, whether the duo even possessed emotions, was entirely another matter. As such,










when they tied the knot, there was little wonder they would make the perfect pair of business partners. But that was it.

Right then, Su-Kwang Lee beckoned the would-be's over. He introduced In-bae Lee to them with great gusto.

In-bae offered a handshake with a kind smile. "It's an honor to meet the hottest couple of the year. I've met Ms. Yoon before, but it's my first time seeing you, Mr. Seo. You really do resemble Chairman Seo in his early years. "

"It's an honor to meet you. I've heard a lot about you from Myeong-je Jin. I heard you two were close friends." Samuel looked at the man in the eye and delivered his greetings.













In-bae Lee was startled at the mention of Myung-je Jin. Nevertheless, he kept a straight face like a seasoned politician that he was. "Oh, didn't Seoin take over Hotel Jinseong? Hotel Jinseong is too famous for me to not care about Mr. Jin," he said, deftly painting his connection to the deceased man as a passing acquaintance.



"Was that so? I guess it doesn't matter anymore since he's already dead." Samuel firmly grabbed In-bae Lee's hand and added. "I expect you to use your people wisely, especially with an election coming up soon. My grandfather has very high expectations. Me as well."



In-bae's face stiffened looking at the retreating back of the young man.



All the information that Samuel had been given so far were inconclusive. He knew there was a lot of foul play involved, but he had yet to learn who the culprits were. He didn't know how and if

In-bae Lee and Yuri Han were connected. With his words just now, he hoped the man felt threatened enough and behaved properly.

The tension was building, Si-yeon quickly changed the topic.

"How was your break?"

"Did I tell you I was on break?" he said coldly.

"Several people told me. What did you do during your break?" she asked, ignoring his frosty tone.

"I rested."

"You didn't go hunting this time?" she asked, surprised.








"I did a while ago." He shrugged.

"A while ago. when?" Si-yeon was puzzled. She didn't remember him doing so. And it was highly unlikely that she would be mistaken because this man's hunting trips were not something one could forget.


Right then Samuel's phone vibrated. When he saw that it was Jin-ho calling, he looked at Si-yeon and said, "I'm going to answer this one."


"Okay." Si-yeon nodded and headed to the catering corner.

Samuel went to the balcony where he was the lone occupant and answered the call as he took out his cigarette. "What is it?"

"Are you available to talk?"

"Not for too long. Just get to the point.

"I've found out the composition of the medication."

"What's it?

"Ummm-" Jin-ho hesitated.

Was it a strong one? He thought of how Yuri would have very painful headaches from time to time. Samuel didn't urge the doctor and waited for his response.

"It's Kratom."

"? Kratom? That's a drug."

"Yes, it's a drug. It's not FDA approved, but it's sometimes used for treatment in America to kill pain or treat drug addiction. Samuel, Samuel Seo. Are you listening?"




































Yuri organized the photos and the papers and hid them inside a drawer, making sure they were out of sight.

"You don't have to worry about that." She murmured to herself as she slammed it shut.

That's right, this was not on her, definitely, she was not to be blamed. She didn't seek the man, it was the other way around. She wanted to make a clean break, but it was he who lured her into it. taking her tablet, tossing her a contract. It was Samuel who was always threatening and locking her up, not the other way around. She was only going to stay around him until she recovered her memories. It would only last a month or two. She would leave way before his wedding, she would be far far away from the man. This was all temporary.



She irritatedly brushed her fingers through her hair and held onto her pencil again. Her croquis was 90 percent complete. It illustrated a man hugging a woman. She could not help but think of Si-yeon as she worked on the facial features. The man who embraced her so passionately would now do the same to Si-yeon. The same penis that shoved its way inside of her would now be greedy for Si-yeon's body.



Yuri could not handle it anymore. Huffing and gasping, she threw the pencil in her hand and mercilessly shredded the paper into pieces. Her work, after months and months of inspiration, now nothing but trash, lay scattered around her. Running her fingers through her tresses, she tugged at them as if doing so would pull her out of the emotional whirlpool she was in right now.

At that moment, her phone on the table rang wildly. She took a deep sigh and reached to check on the caller. It was her uncle. It







was early in the morning in New York, the time when he usually woke up to work out at the gym.

The day before, Yuri had left him a voicemail regarding her visit and her father's belongings. So, he must be calling about it. Yuri adjusted her voice to hide her emotions as she answered the call.

"Hello, Uncle."

"I just saw your message. You're leaving Korea tomorrow?"

"I am. I'll call you once I get there."

"Is Roy coming with you?"

"No, Roy's currently in Japan, and I'm only visiting temporarily. You have father's belongings, right?"

"Everything that the police found is in the storage. Everything else was thrown away when I went to Korea to get rid of the house. Why are you looking for them all of a sudden?"

"I'll tell you in person. This isn't something to talk about through the phone."

"Did you remember something?"

She noticed that his voice elevated with excitement.

"Yes, but not entirely."

A groan sounded from the other end.

He would be really shocked when he hears more about Father's death. Yuri thought to herself as she cautiously mentioned the name in case he was aware of it.









"By the way Uncle, do you happen to recognize the name "Sang-gu Park" in connection to Father's accident?"

"Of course I do. How can I not? He witnessed your father's accident. He's the guy who said your father ran into the car."

"Witnessed?"

Yuri was shocked beyond words.

That bitch is fierce and tiresome. Like father, like daughter.

It's him! The one who tried to kill me and murdered Hye-yeon!

She could feel her pulse racing as she tried to remember something about him. A headache started to surface, Yuri groaned.

"Yuri! What is it? Are you okay?"

"Huh? Yeah. I'm fine. I'm just. just a little shocked."

"How do you know that name?"

"He's relevant to my incident ."

"What?!"

"Uncle, you do know what he looks like, right? I can't talk for long; my head is aching badly. I'll tell you all about it once I get there."

"Of course, I'll wait for you."

After hanging up, Yuri restlessly lay her body on the sofa. Her head was throbbing, she was in excruciating pain. she felt as if someone was piercing her head with a nail. She glared at the shredded remains of the paper. She was so mad that her head








was aching. Her eyes welled up with tears, she was fighting hard to endure.

Why is it hurting so much.

Unable to hold it any longer, Yuri impatiently took out a pill with her trembling hands, walked to the kitchen to fetch a cold glass of water to swallow it with. Then she sat at the table massaging her temples.


It's okay. Everything will be fine. She was reassuring herself when.

SLAM!

? The main door closed with a racket. Yuri immediately stood up to check who it was only to see Samuel barging towards her.

"You said you're going to be late."

A frosty, maniacal Samuel bored his hawkeyes into her. The man stood there in silence, dropping the temperature in the room to the subzero level. But when his gaze landed on the pill vial sitting neatly on the table, he grabbed it, fiercely thrashing it on the floor. The clear plastic vial shattered upon impact, the capsules scattered in all directions.



"What do you think you're doing!"













This was the first time Yuri was witnessing Samuel's violent streak. The man was brutish at times, but such belligerence was uncharacteristic of him. This whole situation. the ear-piercing noise, the shattered vial. everything was absolutely unbelievable.

She stood there in a daze, eyes fixated on the ground unable to process the whole situation. Her heart was racing, head throbbing, hands numb, lips quivering. but she was oblivious to it all.

Samuel's cold, low voice broke the eerie silence.

"You did it?"

How could a person's voice be this low? Simply looking at him was intimidating enough for her to freeze and stick to the floor. The sparks from his stare were powerful enough to annihilate anything.

The aura he was emanating made him look almost inhumane.

Akin to a ghost or a goblin.

All of this combined and effected a delayed reaction in Yuri.

"Sorry?" Was the only word she managed to mumble in her befuddlement. She did not know why this man had come barging in like a towering inferno. She was afraid to make eye contact even, but she still looked at him.

"How dare you treat your body like that!" His terrifying tone sent chills down her spine, her eyes shook intensely.

"You dare to do drugs?!" He bellowed.

"How did you."

It can't be. She could feel her own fingertips tremble.









"I looked up the ingredients to that medication you're taking! It has Kratom in it!"

Yuri could feel her brain vault into malfunction and come to a grinding halt. Words evaded her, she could see nothing but the deadly stare of the devilish man before her.

"I think I made it clear not to lie to me, and you dare to keep this a secret?" His foot crushed the capsules lying on the floor.

Yuri zoned into the mashed capsules bleeding out white granules. He was still in his fancy tuxedo. He must have rushed out of the party, all because of this.

"Tell me. Explain yourself to me. Give me the whole story. Tell me the bare details with your own mouth!!!"

He grabbed a handful of her hair and forced eye contact. His demanding, fierce countenance looked somewhat desperate for a wholehearted explanation. His eyes were searching her face, seeking a hint perhaps, that would say it was all a misunderstanding. His heart tugged, knowing too well

that that trace of hope he was yearning for was but a delusion.

His tight grip was no doubt painful, but she was feeling none. Her limpid, glistened orbs only noticed the black, bespoke tuxedo that was glaringly reminding her of the engagement photos she had just put away. An engagement that would soon become a marriage.



Two decades of friendship into love. He must be returning from some party he had been to with Si-yeon.

So why does he care about me so much?!.











As moments passed, his grip tightened. Slowly her mind crawled back to reality, she took in a deep breath willing herself to feel no pain. Not once did she avert her gaze, looking equally fiercely into his eyes.


"What do you want me to say more? It's just the way you know. I did drugs. So what? And what does that have to do with you?"

Her mind was racing, everything between them was a contract. she was an object that Samuel Seo had bought along with Hotel Seoin. What did it matter to him if she did drugs or anything else? The tenure was about to expire anyway. They would be done, for good.



Her words incensed him, he pulled her hair as if doing so would rein in her audacity. "What does that have to do with me? You think this isn't a big deal?" He spat out with gritted teeth.

"Of course not!"

"We're just friends with benefits who enjoy having sex with each other, so there's nothing else that matters? Is that what you mean?" Samuel's visage portrayed a merciless shadow. His voice had a hint of the fury he could not withhold.

Did his fury trigger her? Yuri began to develop an emotion similar to his. She had arduously tried her best to ignore the fact that he held her uncle and Roy hostage, stalked her every move, and spied on her. She had lied to him too, so she wanted to call it even. But she never imagined that he would be so nosy even about her prescription medications.



Her life felt already ruined. But how much worse did he want to make it? How dare he? She could not tolerate the storming anger inside her.









"How are we even called friends with benefits? You don't listen to me when I don't give you consent. Do you even consider me as a human being? You cage me, question me, watch me! Do you know how miserable it is to see Sebastian in the living room? There's nothing different between me and that dog you stuffed by yourself! I'm not your possession!"



Samuel picked a glass and threw it across the hall.

Crack!

The loud shattering of glass filled the room with an eerie silence once again. Yuri flinched at the sight of the glass hitting the wall and breaking into pieces.









Thanatos, in Greek mythology, was the personification of death. Merciless and indiscriminate, he was hated by mortals and gods alike.


The doctor before Davis looked at Yuri pathetically as he counseled about this God of Death. Unfortunately, his counseling was no help whatsoever. At least she had never felt a desire for Thanatos: self-destruction or death.

It's a popular prognosis that those with suicidal tendencies also suffer from attention deficit syndrome or ADS. In severe cases, in a bid to garner attention, the patient resorts to self-infliction of pain. Slicing of the wrist, swallowing a handful of sleeping pills, etc, are a few of the common methods towards the same.

However, Yuri had no such desire. Attention and death were never on her mind. If anything, she just wanted a chance to really relax. She wanted her head to stop aching, for those dreams that kept tormenting her to disappear, to get some deep, undisturbed sleep.

The doctor had been wrong from the start- the one she truly desired was Thanatos' twin brother Hypnos, God of Sleep.

And yet, she could swear that now was the only time she had ever wanted self-destruction and death. Right now, at this moment, the moment she met Samuel Seo's eyes.

She felt a strong desire to become the vial that was thrashed by his hand, the pill that was mashed by his foot, or the glass that shattered into pieces. It was due to these morbid emotions that were surging within her that she had said the words that she should have kept to herself.










"Does it annoy you that your Barbie doll is a drug addict? Does it disgust you that you made out with such filth?" She sniggered, looking at the man the world touted as Mr. Perfect in the eye.

Would he be considered as tainted now? Because of her.

Samuel's face turned whiter than a sheet and stiffer than a mannequin. He fiercely gripped her chin.

"What did you just say?"

Although those were the words, his eyes were saying otherwise.

One more word and he'd kill her.

Yuri's chin was so firmly grasped that she was unable to open her mouth. She gazed at him, incessantly gasping.

"I've never thought of you that way and I never had the means to mistreat you. Nonetheless, if that's what you want, I guess why not."

His voice was agonizing, eyes seething with anger. He was thoroughly provoked, losing all sense of reason.

Samuel pulled Yuri to the living room and shoved her onto the couch. The force was so great that she felt pain even though she had landed on a soft surface.

He straddled on top of her and pressed on the slender body trying so hard to escape. He pushed his hand up her dress, yanked

her underwear stripping her down naked to open her legs wide. Her lady parts twitched at the sudden coldness as the man savagely unbuckled his belt and pulled down his pants.

Yuri became pale as a ghost.

"Wh-what do you think you're doing?!"










Obviously she was not wet at all. She was actually awkward and stiff from her agony and nervousness. However, Samuel's reaction was absolutely unsympathetic and hostile. He looked as if he was possessed by a fiendish madness that would heed to nothing and no one.



"Shut up! Didn't you want to be treated this way?" He forced her knees wide and penetrated at once.

"Ow!" Yuri whimpered in pain and abruptly twisted her body.

His eager fondling was not enough to ease the pain

of penetration. Nevertheless, she was at a loss of words when he attacked her without even a notice. The pain was breathtaking. Veins popped up as she clenched on the couch.

"Open up completely." He ordered.

Then, seizing her thighs that were wreathed with marks made by his lips, he mercilessly shoved his manhood all the way through. He strenuously twisted his shaft inside of the narrow dry tunnel.

Yuri flinched and bit her lips. The painful workout ultimately made her wet and slippery. When it became smoother for him to move, he grasped her hips and thrust forcefully.

Was this also sex? All she could feel was hot flesh pushing and pulling inside her. Ironically, her head, blood, and heart felt numb. frozen.


This wasn't like any of the times she had had so far. In that, she would be seething from head to toe, there would not be an inch of her body inside and outside, that wasn't being driven to a frenzy.

So much so, that at times she was worried she would lose herself from such great heat.








No matter how exhausting or demanding those times had been, they were never this horrible. Not even the time when she was pulled into Samuel's arms after she had lost her memories felt this appalling. This act of pleasure had turned into abuse, a nightmare. gone was the intimacy and euphoria that it usually brought along. She let the beast in him unleash its wrath, control her every move while she lay there limp, benumbed like a broken, lifeless doll.


  









"fucking hell!" Samuel cussed out loud as he was upset about everything.

The man was in a treacherous limbo. A part of him was trying to dissuade and stop himself, fighting to bring back the trace rationality that was still lingering somewhere. But the rampant brutishness was impossible to restrain, overpowering him it surged until it reached a delirium that was out of his bounds.

He pushed on her legs and pierced her from above, stabbing her womb with his shaft. Yuri desperately held in her moan, lying woodenly enduring his madness.

They were still dressed. The only thing audible was their clothes brushing against each other's. No sounds of pleasure were heard, no sighs or groans. Apart from the hand grabbing onto her to keep her from escaping, the only thing that was directly touching her body was his rod. The typical kisses, fondling, and cooing was all absent today.



Also absent were sense and sanity, paving the way to an endless misery that was rapidly closing in on them at the moment, pushing them into its bottomless abyss.

On his part, it seemed like Samuel was hell-bent on showing Yuri what 'mistreatment' was actually like. Her words had thoroughly roiled him, to an extent he even felt wronged, so he chose the method he did as retribution.

As for her, she knew that against her better judgement, she had unleashed the demon and had to bear the brunt of it. She neither fought nor evaded it, letting it bury her.










Pain has strange ways. Sometimes, it is not only the recipient who is plagued by it. As pain seeped deep through the touching bodies, the one punishing and the one being punished were both crying in agony. All that could be wanted was for time to pass. And yet, time ticked the slowest in these torturous moments.

Yuri was incessantantly swinging around the couch when her eyes met Sebastian's. The glass eyes of the taxidermied dog, unfiltered, reflected the mess she was. Her heart tugged, courage gradually abandoned her. She didn't want to see it. She didn't want to face the reality. She firmly shut her eyes as if doing so would obliterate the truth.



The manhood that was pushing and pulling gradually engorged. It'll be over soon. She tried to relieve herself. However, instead of ejaculating, Samuel grabbed her hair and stood up.

Her eyes flew wide open at his spontaneous action. At that moment, something hot was squirted onto her face. What the. she was blank for a second.

It took her some time to realize that the sour liquid on her eyebrow was his seed. Samuel's face was indifferent unlike someone who had just finished having sex. He coldly looked down upon her.

"Open up!" He spoke between gritted teeth.

Yuri could not dare to predict his intention. The fact that he had come on her face and treated her so insolently was enough to make her nauseous. The hot rod right in front of her eyes was still dripping with semen.

Blatantly disregarding her reaction, Samuel pressed her chin with one hand. Unable to endure the pressure, her mouth involuntarily opened. He immediately pushed his cock between her lips.








"Oh. oooop!"

The man's heat and scent made it cumbersome to catch a breath.

Not only did he squirt to fill her entire mouth, but also poked the deepest part of her throat. He did not let go of her hair even when she struggled to spit it out.

"Lick it! Entirely!"

It was a command. Yuri shook her head desperately to signal that it was too much for her to handle, but he ruthlessly ignored it all and kept putting pressure on her head.

"You acknowledge yourself that you have no choice."

His glare had never been this threatening. She reluctantly licked his organ with her tongue. The thing that was inside her only a few minutes ago tasted sweet and erotic. Only after she had licked and swallowed all of the come did he withdraw his shaft from her mouth.



She desperately panted for air and vomited out a wild cough. Meanwhile, nonchalantly, he cleaned his clothes erasing all the remaining hints of sex.

"How more devastated do you want me to feel?"

The murmur to himself was suffused with grief. She thought she was the one speaking the words.

Without as much as a glance at the woman who was lying motionlessly on the floor, he walked across the living room, yanking the door loudly open and shutting it with the loudest bang.

Yuri straightened up and looked in the direction the man had left. She did not feel like standing up or even wiping her mouth. .







A significant amount of minutes later, she finally burst into tears. She was clearly the victim, nevertheless, she felt as if she had inflicted equal amount of pain she had received on Samuel.







What's going on?

Jae-won was left with questions after his phone call with Si-yeon. He'd said he'd be back after he took a call. but had just disappeared.


Si-yeon has said Samuel and her were at Su-kwang Lee's conference, a prominent figure in the world of politics without a question. Because of the upcoming election, a number of candidates were attending the meeting as were these two scions.

All of a sudden Samuel had stood up and excused himself on the pretext of a phone call. Since he didn't return even after the event had drawn to a close, left with no choice at the man's abrupt exit, Si-yeon had covered for him with a logical excuse.

How could he leave in the middle of such a vital event? What the hell's going on?! Did something major happen at work?

No matter how hard he thought, he couldn't come up with a plausible answer for his cousin's uncharacteristic behaviour. It was not like he understood Samuel completely, but he knew him well enough to know that he wouldn't cast aside important work and walk out like he had.



In the end, he simply threw up his hands and decided to tidy up the place to go home when the phone rang. It was a call from the bar manager. He checked the clock, it was nearing midnight. The bar was still open but was he thinking straight to contact an executive at this late in the night? Jae-won was bewildered as he answered the phone.



"What is it?"









"I apologize for bothering you late at night, Director Lee, are you still at the office?"

"I was just about to leave." Jae-won replied as he pushed his arm into his jacket sleeve. He was taking night shifts to work on planning for the Food and Beverage Festival next month.

The manager's relieved voice sounded.

"If you haven't gone home yet would you mind going to the private room to check on Director Seo?"

Hotel Seoin did not have a director, so the director, in this case, had to be his cousin, Samuel Seo. Why was he at such a random place?


"Is Director Seo there with you?" Jae-won asked in a trice.

"Yes. He's quite drunk."

According to Si-yeon, it was 5 hours since he had burst out of his seat. How long has he been drinking?

Jae-won frowned as he put on the rest of the jacket. Down at the hotel bar, the manager was waiting for him in front of the elevator.

"Where is he?" he asked walking out of the lift.

"He's in the VIP room located all the way down the hallway."

"Is he by himself?"

The manager nodded. "Yes, nobody came along. Not even a visitor."

Well, if Samuel had anyone along with him, he wouldn't have received a call at this time of the night.







The manager led him to the VIP room. He knocked without expecting an answer and opened the door right away. This was an action that would most definitely follow with a severe consequence, but the man inside the room was way too dazed. maybe even completely unconscious.



Not far from what he had expected to see, but Jae-won's jaw still dropped in awe. The smell of alcohol and smoke stung his nose, as it fogged up the private room that could hold at least thirty people. And in the centre of it all was a man, with the aura of an emperor, sloshed and sprawled on the table.

"How much did he drink? He couldn't have possibly drunk all of those on the table?"

The manager sincerely shook his head. "There should be a few more bottles on the floor."

Jae-won nearly cussed out loud.

Is he out of his mind?!




The dimly lit room, shrouded in cigarette haze and suffused with the stench of alcohol, looked nothing like the plush VIP room befitting the scion of Seoin Group. Right now, there was little difference between here and a lowly bar. And sprawled on the table, surrounded by god knows how many empty bottles on the table as well as the floor, the man that Korea held in awe and reverence made for a startling centrepiece.



Samuel had a high tolerance for alcohol. This was proudly ingrained in his blood and who better than Jae-won to vouch for it. How many times this fellow beat him and his father in a drinking








battle? It would not be an exaggeration to say his cousin was the personification of the phrase 'drink like a fish'.

Thus, it was unimaginable how much Samuel drank to be so out of control. It was as if he drank more alcohol than elephant water.

"How long has it been? You should've called me before he got THIS wasted." Jae-won chastised the manager.

"He didn't drink for long. An hour or two maybe. You know how the director drinks up to six hours when he's in the mood." The manager offered a meek explanation.

If it was so, then something must have pissed him off real hard. If he emptied all of these bottles in just two hours, he must've chugged the alcohol directly from the bottles. It wasn't unexpected, but it was hard to picture. One doesn't get pissed off because one simply wants to. Most essentially, he was a man who got everything he wanted.



Jae-won shook Samuel several times, then gave up and ordered the manager to get an employee to help move him to the suite. The fellow was still as a corpse the whole time he was moved into the room and on the bed.

Who would have thought there would come a day when the boss of all drinking contests would lie like this. All alone in the room, Jae-won sighed as he noticed the careless creases on the bespoke tuxedo his cousin was wearing.

"What did I do to deserve such a plight? I can't go home, instead I'm taking clothes off of this grown-ass man!" Jae-won grumbled as he headed to Samuel's closet to hang his clothes for him.

Right then, his hands holding the hanger stilled; there was a whisper from the direction of the passed out man.






Samuel in his limbo seemed to have called out a name.

Huh? Did I hear that correctly?








Jae-won froze, it was a good few seconds before he regained his senses. He first hung Samuel's clothes, took out two water bottles from the refrigerator and placed them near his cousin's head. It was an act of kindness in case he woke in the middle of the night due to thirst. After that, without an extra glance at the unconscious man, he turned off the lights and strode out of the suite.

"Are you heading home? Should I contact the driver?" The manager on his night shift noticed Jae-won and greeted him courteously.


"I forgot something at the office. I'll take care of the driver. "

Jae-won returned to his office with a stiffened expression and turned on the computer. He booted the program and typed in the security code. Then, he recklessly opened up a file. He found what he was looking for. He let out a small cry at the name that popped up on the screen.



"Oh my goodness!"

He roughly rubbed his face with his dry hands. Suddenly everything started to make sense: every inconceivable thing Samuel had done finally made sense.

The file that Jae-won was looking at was a list of guests who had canceled their hotel reservation. It had to be here. The name that Samuel called for when he was drunk. that name had to be here.


[Yuri Han.]

The name that he called out so sorrowfully and intimately. wreathed in such pain.









Late at night, Jin-wook poured soju for a man at an old bar nearby.

"How's work? Is it doable"

The man receiving the drink was an ex-manager of Hotel Jinseong, and current valet parking employee of Hotel Seoin. He was the man who recognized Yuri Han from the picture.

"It's getting difficult to work since I'm becoming old. But what other choice do I have? My first-born just started college a year behind. The youngest just started freshman year in high school."

He replied with a depressed voice.

"Oh, I'm sorry to hear, but I also understand how you're feeling. My youngest is also in high school," Jin-wook said calmly.

And thus, the two men nonchalantly chatted about life and other important things as they drank. Jin-wook decided to get to the point when the bottle was almost empty.

"Driver Su-won Han. What was he like as a person?"

"You mean Mr. Han? To be exact, Mr. Han was called a 'driver,' but actually, he wasn't someone who should be working under others. He graduated from a prestigious college, you see, and he even owned a business in Seoul." There was a degree of respect in his voice, and he truly meant every word of praise.

Jin-wook was a little surprised. Throughout his research so far, this was something he hadn't come across. He had assumed the man would be an ordinary blue collar at the most, surely not a learned one.


"Then why did he work as a driver for President Jin?" he asked.









A graduate from an ordinary college could easily find a white collar job to say nothing of people like Su-won Han who had passed out of prestigious college. So, this man had chosen to toil for a scum like Myung-je Jin when he could be sitting in a posh office in a business suit.



"The two were neighbourhood friends since childhood. I heard Han borrowed quite some money from Jin when he was expanding his business and his wife got ill. Later, he even took out loans under
Jin's name. Jin was a President, but he wasn't a brainy one. All he knew was how to order gangsters to break a few things here and there. So when the business expanded, he wanted a person he could trust and rely on, but someone he could look down upon at the same time."



"And that was Mr. Han." Jin-wook concluded in the end.

"You can put it that way."

The man ordered another bottle of alcohol and opened the lid. Jin-wook who was busy jotting down in a small notebook popped a question.


"How well do you know of Mr. Han's accident?"

"Just as much as the newspaper articles. It did seem quite odd, though. Mr. Han never drank typically because he didn't know when President Jin would call for him. But a man like him ran towards a car intoxicated-"

"Did you see Mr. Han on the day of the accident by any chance?"

Jin-wook probed.

"The day of the accident? To be frank, Mr. Han had gone missing a few days before the incident. There was someone else driving President Jin around."






This was news, nowhere had he come across this. And needless to say, the seeds of doubts were sprouting. Jin-wook dug in.

"What has happened?"

"Well, he had quite a big argument with President Jin."

"Because of what?"

The man was more than willingly chirping the whole story non-stop when suddenly, he shut his mouth like a clam. A puzzled Jin-wook stared at the man.

The man awkwardly tried to change the topic. "Working outdoors is so cumbersome now that I'm an old man. I would like to switch to a position that works inside of the hotel before the weather gets any colder."


The man's intentions were obvious. He was expecting a reward for helping. Well, there are no free lunches, and who better than the cadaver dog Jin-wook to know it best? He simply nodded in assent.


"That would depend on what you are able to give me. Do you have anything special you would like to share with me?"

The man's eyes glistened as he happily noticed an opportunity. He said slyly, "I have the security camera footage of President Jin and

Mr. Han arguing in the hotel lobby. To be honest, Jin had told me to delete it, but I kept a backup just in case. Now that Jinseong Construction is out of business and Jin dead, I thought it had become irrelevant, but like they say nobody knows what the future holds." He smiled in satisfaction apparently basking in self-praise on being insightful.












"I'll make sure to report it to the executives. I don't have the right to make decisions about the reward by myself." Jin-wook stated matter-of-factly.


"Hope to hear from you."

As an afterthought, Jin-wook asked, "By any chance, is there anyone else who knows about the argument between President Jin and Mr. Han?"

"Hyeon-ah Kim." The man muttered a name and looked up. "Right, she should know about it. That day, I was late to work because my shift started in the afternoon. I got a hang of what was going on only after I watched the security camera footage. The person in charge of the lobby was Hyeon-ah Kim that day."

Hyeon-ah Kim. Jin-wook cringed as the face of a woman with a kind smile and hidden intentions appeared in his mind. She was a woman he could not predict even after years of working with all sorts of people.


The man emptied the last glass and got up from his seat.

Something felt very strange. He didn't expect things to become so serious when he initially started his search for Yuri Han. Looking at how things were panning, even a veteran investigator like him couldn't help wonder- What was at the end of all this?







The next morning Jin-wook was summoned to Samuel's office. Just as he was stepping out of the elevator, he bumped into

Manager Choi right in front of the director's office.

Jin-wook was familiar with Manager Choi, as she had worked for Samuel for quite a few years. He also knew that she was to accompany Yuri Han to America.

Isn't she supposed to be on the plane right now? Then why is she standing here?

Unable to hold in his curiosity, Jin-wook asked her. "Weren't you supposed to go to America today? Why are you still here?"

"Yeah, but it got suddenly canceled." Manager Choi replied.

"Cancelled?! Why?" He was taken aback.

"I'm not sure. I think they had an argument. he told me not to let her out of the house for a while."

An argument, for what reason? Jin-wook made a mental note to ask Samuel about it as he entered the assistant's office. when he spotted him, Manager Lee sent him a desperate signal for help.

Something's up. Jin-wook gently knocked and entered the director's office. Samuel was going over his paperwork.

"You must have had a bit too much drink."

Samuel was hiding his face with a pair of very thick glasses, but Jin-wook was able to notice easily. In college, the two used to go to bars to drink, although he never won against Samuel in drinking games.










"I guess I lost control."

The last time he lost control so dramatically was four years ago, after confirming Hye-yeon Jin's death. But didn't he have the woman by his side right now? If he allowed her to go to America in the first place, they must've been close enough to be friends.

Samuel handed the papers to Jin-wook without adding any words.

"It's about K Pharmaceuticals. Find the bastard that vanished and deal with him firsthand. And make sure to follow me on the trip to Busan the day after tomorrow."

Normally Manager Lee joined the business trips, but from how he asked Jin-wook to go instead, this trip must be confidential.

"Is it complicated to explain?"Jin-wook asked.

"A little. Some iffy stuff in between things." Samuel impassively replied.

"How many employees would you like to bring?"

"No need for many. Two would be enough."

"Yes sir. Oh, and about the investigation on Yuri Han's father-"

"Put that on hold for now." Samuel sharply interrupted Jin-wook. He frowned and took off his glasses. Then he massaged his temples as if he had a headache.

"I beg your pardon?" Jin-wook was confused. He was the one who wanted him to dig, and yet now he seemed uninterested.

"Don't want to see for a while." He clarified.

However, the sensitive Jin-wook noticed the voice full of aching. He doesn't want to see what for a while. The research? Possibly Yuri






Han? But he knew better than to prod, the reticent man had already said too much. In the end, he just kept his silence and exited the office.

All alone in his office now, Samuel rose and walked to the window, took out a cigarette, and leaned on the sill. He didn't want to see. He didn't want to see whom? He didn't want to see. the reflection of himself in the window.

There was no denying that what he had done last night was rape. Since when did he treat women that way? The man was a ruthless, savage master, but never had he forced himself onto anyone.
Neither was he wanton nor willful when it came to women. He had always treated them in a dignified manner, else why would he be so sought after by the fairer sex despite changing partners often?

Anger and disdain culminated into self-hatred and together they devoured every iota of his being. His act was no different from that of a savage beast. abominable & heinous. No amount of self-loathing could purge his barbarism.

Truth was, he wasn't mad at the drug itself. He was mad at how she treated her body so carelessly. Like it were an object that wasn't concerned with herself. it was like she had a death wish, indulging in those medicines. But the bigger truth was, he was furious that she was ruining the body that would one day

bear his children.

Yes, that was the actual triggering factor.

It's just the way you know. I did drugs. So what? And what does that have to do with you?

There's no difference between me and that dog you stuffed by yourself! I'm not your possession!







Does it annoy you that your Barbie doll is a drug addict? Does it disgust you that you made out with such filth?




Yuri's dramatic reaction was shocking enough to derange Samuel. He was so exasperated that his eyes alternated between red and black. He wanted to seem like a good man, but his effort to withhold his true emotions exposed his violent streak to the maximum. In the end, the demon within had reigned over and how.



Scenes from the night inundated his senses - how Yuri turned her head away, shut her eyes allowing him to shake her body like a lifeless being. He didn't know when she had abandoned hope, but those stifled painful moans still pierced his heart.

Why had he not noticed them then? Why had he gotten carried away by the savagery?!

Pain was a byword to the pleasures that would follow. Every time they had been intimate, no matter how much time he spent in caressing and stimulating her, she would still be wreathed with pain. he didn't dare imagine how much she had suffered when he had penetrated so forcefully without care or precaution? When he had hounded and pounded her underneath. Even while trembling to her fingertips, she had not made a squeak. Except for the few errant moans when he had moved intensely, the girl seemed to have shut her lips and the world around.



Her response or lack thereof only served to infuriate him further. Had she cried out loud, screamed in pain, or even apologized, his fury wouldn't have been fueled to beyond limit, he would've even been lenient towards her. The manner in which she had withstood it all was as if it were some kind of a challenge she had no choice but to go through. Needless to say, it was the very thing that had






driven him crazy. It was as if the time they spent together was time for Yuri to patiently endure.

I'm just the worst.

The man reflected in the window bitterly admitted his sin. He inhaled deeply into his cigarette and sighed out a puff of smoke. The smoke veiled the man.








"I'm sorry. You can't leave the house for a while."

The guards had blocked Yuri's way to the airport. With bag and baggage, she stood at the door in a daze. The first-class ticket to New York City in hand became but a useless piece of trash. And as such, her sentence had begun.

Only the man knew how many days she would be spending locked within the walls of this house. In the end, she had no choice but to come up with a last-minute excuse to her uncle for her abrupt cancellation of plans.


Manager Choi could not stay still out of guilt although the situation was not her fault. But no matter how sorry she felt, there was nothing she could do. Pity the girl as she may, but the truth was she lacked all the courage to go against her master.

A lot had changed since that night. Some changes were shocking, while some expected. Sebastian had moved elsewhere. Yes, the taxidermied dog that had adorned the mantle in the living room had relinquished his abode of years giving the place a somewhat deserted feel.



The master of the house had not returned once, not even his shadow had been spotted on the premises. The clothes, shoes, and bags that were occasionally delivered had stopped too. Those were no ordinary gifts. Even Yuri, who had no interest in fashion brands, could tell they were all from the most luxurious designer brands. As such the house only had her and the servants along with Manager Choi and bodyguards.



It had been a while since she had had quiet nights especially after getting together with Samuel. Most nights she would be so spent that before she even knew it she would have slipped into a deep






slumber. She didn't prefer to sleep that way but what choice did she have in the matter. She was someone who liked her nights peaceful, perhaps 'cause she was apprehensive about the man?

Why then was she having a hard time sleeping now since she was left to her peace?

That's right, 'ever since' sleep had evaded her. She would just lay in her bed, surrounded in darkness, staring at the ceiling. letting her mind wander to where not. but sleep, she did not.

And today was no exception. After hours of turning off the lights and lying in bed, she was still fidgeting wide awake. She pressed her head onto the pillow and counted the days. One, two, three. it had already been a week now.

The first two days were absolutely intimidating. So much so that she jumped at her own shadow. She was afraid that Samuel would come back to embrace her body. violently once again. She was scared she would be pinned down again and rammed into mercilessly. She was battered and bruised, mentally and physically. and the wounds just refused to heal.



When the third day arrived, she still couldn't shake the man off her chest. His deep dark eyes, frigid voice, nonchalant visage kept haunting her, no matter how tight she closed her eyes, shut her ears. Thus, the girl was confined in a dismal dungeon that she just couldn't escape from.



The changes in her behaviour didn't go unnoticed by Manager Choi. Although she didn't know the exact situation of their relationship, she saw that Yuri was preoccupied with thoughts of Samuel day in and day out. She was an experienced lady, so although she didn't know what had transpired between the two, she still felt sympathetic towards the girl who was on house arrest







now. So, this day, she had subtly apprised her on the director's impending business trip to Busan.

He must loathe me now. He'll never look for me again. Then. what will happen to the contract? Well actually, it's good if it ends here.

A relationship with an expiration might as well let it expire early.

"Ah!"

Yuri cried out and put her hand on her forehead. She had begun to hear voices again, this happened every time she was sleep deprived. She had not slept for days together, so it was only natural to experience them now. It would begin with images constantly hounding her, followed by a voice echoing in her mind. Slowly the images would disappear, leaving behind just the voice.

She tried to block it by reading a book or watching TV, but each time she was interrupted by a constant headache. No matter what she did, she couldn't rid herself of the torture. She had lost her appetite now, eating meals were akin to a task. She carried it out mechanically, just because her body needed it.

When she held her pencil and drew to kill time, without her realizing, she would end up sketching the one face. Each time she would capture a different facade. a sober face, his angry mien. when he was focused on sex, his smile, frown. every emotion she had seen would be traced, sheet after sheet. And when she would be done, she would sit gazing at her creation for a long, long time.

A week, 7 days, 168 hours. Actually, it's been longer now?

Yuri shook, turned her head again, and thought about the meaning behind it all. Going through these motions like clockwork every day, what was the use? Where was she getting to? Her health was on a downward spiral from drug withdrawal. How much longer could she take it? Now that she wasn't getting






enough sleep, she was missing the rough sex she had with him.

She wasn't sure if she was falling asleep or losing her consciousness.

How much more devastated do you want me to feel?

The woe filled voice lingered on in her ears, tugging at her heart even now. In all honesty, she had never wanted to make him feel miserable. Instead, she was trying to conceal her own miseries from him. When he had barged in demanding an answer, she was flustered and infuriated that her most embarrassing secret had been exposed. She was desperately fumbling to cover it up and chose defiance as her shield. The truth was murky, she unkempt-how could she strip herself before him?



Funny how she wanted to appear flawless before him like something one can never achieve no matter how hard and badly one wanted it. Something that stayed in the heart, like a dream or an illusion. Just like how he was to her.

In the end, Samuel had shattered her dream to pieces, shredded the fantasy, and abruptly pulled her back to reality.

When the ringing in her ears became louder, she frantically got up from the bed. There was no way she could go to sleep tonight. She hurriedly went down to the basement, perhaps the aimless doodling would bring her some respite. If not, the ringing was sure to drive her insane.



Inexplicably, the scent of the paint and wood in the basement studio soothed her taut nerves. Yuri took a deep gulp of air, turned on the lights, and started sifting through her sketchbook. Right then, a small envelope fell to the ground from between the pages. It was something that was mixed with gifts from Samuel.









As soon as she caught sight of the envelope, Yuri instinctively knew it's the same thing from last time. She could ask Manager Choi to get rid of it but she let it stay. Maybe she wanted to remind herself that the two might be playing a couple, but in fact, their relationship was nothing more than a passing affair. No matter how pitiful it was to think about it, it was still true.



Yuri debated on whether she should open the envelope or not. As she fiddled with it, she could feel the contents, it seemed like there were photographs inside. Whoever had sent it, seemed to have a penchant for sending photos, this was the second time she was receiving one.



She had a feeling, just like last time, these photos would bring her no good. Thinking up to her, she casually ripped it open but what greeted her was beyond her imagination. she screamed her guts out.


"Wha-What is this?!"




As the stack of photos slipped from her trembling hands and scattered on the floor, the ghastliness of it lay bare. Most of them were shots of a man and a woman. They appeared to be on a date like a normal couple, except for the fact that the red lines across the woman's face made them extremely grotesque. They were all photos of herself and Samuel in Jinseong.

Ho- how. Why would anybody.?

One by one her gaze rested on the photos on the floor, each was eerier than the one before. However, her pupils widened when she noticed one particular photo. It was during her high school graduation, she and Hye-yeon were standing next to each other with their graduation caps on. Yuri looked at her young face.

<The Whore who Killed her Friend!>

"OH GOOOODDD!"

She shrieked at the offensively squiggled scarlet handwriting. She could feel a thin barrier in her head crack as she lost control of her emotions. It was frightening. Too frightening for her to handle. Her attention was drawn to her deathly silent surroundings. She was used to this creepy aura. It was happening again. She was being sucked into her thoughts as her emotions engorged and exploded.

Yuri hastily picked up the photos and ran to the library. She nervously bit on her nails as her quaking fingers inserted them into the shredder. Perhaps because the ambience was shrouded in pin-drop silence, the shredder's soft chomping felt especially loud.

As she stood there looking at the pictures going through the blades, she felt a sudden splitting pain in her head like it was her and not the pictures that were in the shredder right now. It hurt, it








hurt her so much. Her hands instinctively started looking for medication, at least her sleeping pill.

As if stimulated by the groping fingers, a spark of memory jolted her awake. Back when she had just moved into the house, she had trouble sleeping at night. When she stayed awake for three days straight, Samuel had reluctantly handed her sleeping pills. She clearly remembered they were on the shelf. Since nothing was touched in this empty house, the pills should still be there. Yuri impatiently opened the shelf.




The car had just passed the tollgate to Seoul. Four hours had passed since they had left for Busan. Jin-wook checked on Samuel through the rearview mirror. The man had drunk quite a lot in the last dinner meeting. Actually, he drank a lot during the whole 3-day trip but not to the point that it would affect his work. Even so, Jin-wook decided to stay vigilant in case the man might act out strangely.



"Where would you like to go?"

Eyes shut, Samuel rolled his body into a ball in the backseat. He didn't reply. He must still be drunk.

"Let's go home," Jin-wook said, still keeping an eye on the rear seat.



Samuel slowly opened his eyes, he must not have been asleep.

"Home?" He mumbled.

Jin-wook replied with a brief 'yes' and without waiting for an answer switched directions.









Ever since childhood, Samuel referred to the house in which he lived with his grandfather as the 'main house'. The only place he called 'home' was the house in which he stayed with Yuri Han.

When they entered the neighbourhood, Samuel ordered Jin-wook to park the car in front of the house. It was past midnight, the street had returned to tranquility. There was not a single drunk trooping around this safe neighbourhood.

The team of security guards outside the house greeted Samuel politely. Against everyone's expectation, the boss did not get out of the car. Instead, he took out a cigarette and sat there quietly.

Jin-wook rolled down the backseat window half-way. The night breeze was cold as ever but quite potent to recover from a hangover. The white smoke melted into the darkness. Samuel looked up at the house and took a deep puff. Jin-wook simply let him be.



He finally spoke up as he bit onto his second cigarette. "Reminds me of the past."

"When do you mean?"

"When Hye-yeon Jin- I mean- Yuri Han went missing."

He was saying things he normally would keep to himself. He must still be drunk. Jin-wook silently kept listening.

As for the inebriated man, he ignored the other's lack of reaction and kept talking slowly. "Before I even notice it, I always end up in front of this house. Just like now."

Jin-wook met eyes with Samuel through the rearview mirror. When it came to himself, Samuel was extremely strict. He usually slept for two to three hours only, stayed up all night at work, never took a vacation like his peers, at least not to exotic locations. These were






Director Seo's famous characteristics, a thorough workaholic was what the world viewed him as.

Guess it wasn't true tonight for Samuel, a cigarette between his fingers, whiled away his time doing nothing but gazing at the house ahead that had not a single light turned on. He seemed too afraid to enter the house that was wreathed in his marks.

As if aware of the outside situation, a light was turned on in the house. Samuel's eyes followed the light.

". It's by the library. What time is it?"

"It has just turned 3 AM. "

He frowned. "I guess she can't sleep." His murmur showed a hint of affection.

Jin-wook carefully asked him. "Aren't you going in?"

Samuel was at a loss for words for a minute. "No. Not today. I can't."

He rolled up the windows and leaned his head on the back seat.

"Let's go to the main house." When Samuel felt the movement of the car, he closed his eyes.

You don't listen to me when I don't give you consent. Do you even consider me as a human being?

I'm not your possession!

It was not like he wasn't tempted to go into the house, he did long to see her. But when her cries came rushing back to him, he turned numb. How much pain she must have been in. how savagely he








had hurt her, damaged her body. How selfish he had been. No, he didn't want to repeat the mistake.

Only he knew the kind of willpower he had to muster to rein in his impatience, change the destination of the car, and arduously try to eliminate any thoughts of going to her.








"Good morning."

The next day Samuel had just finished a lonesome breakfast when Jin-wook appeared in the dining hall. The man ordered a small coffee, which was a clear indication that he was done with his meal.


"You must have slept here." Samuel rose from his seat.

"Yes. I woke up early to play chess with the CEO." Jin-wook answered.

After he had brought the Samuel over last night, he had stayed back. Among other reasons, he wanted to be sure his friend cum boss was fine.

"That's good to hear. He refuses to play with me."

"He complains how he beats you too easily and how it gets too boring." Jin-wook replied with a smile.

Samuel shrugged. "There's no reason to win."

That meant, if there was a reason to win, he would have easily won. He was a man driven with purpose even in trifling matters, so where he didn't see one he wouldn't waste his time.

Samuel requested his coffee to be delivered to the library as he walked out of the door. Other than a brief meeting with a foreign buyer in the afternoon, he was free for the rest of the day. It was time to deal with the very thing he had been procrastinating on for a while- Yuri Han. It was his guilt all along that was hindering him from tending to the problems around her, but he knew he couldn't delay it any longer.









When Jin-wook stepped out to take a call from family, Samuel called Jin-ho.

"Look up all the available hospitals. This needs to be kept a secret to the public." He was never the one for civilities, always getting straight to the point in a terse tone.

Seoin Hospital, under the Seoin Group, was renowned for its adept surgeries and state-of-the-art facilities. The only downside was that it did not have a separate rehab clinic as such. So, anyone with access to the hospital would be privy to every patient's history. Samuel liked to keep his private matters private, even from his family. This included Yuri and especially her condition.

Jin-ho cautiously asked Samuel.

"Is it true that she did drugs?"

"Yes."

"Since when?"

"Probably back in America. It's a place full of temptations, and her job's particularly exposed to it too."

Every night in towns such as Soho or Greenwich Village in New York, folks who called themselves "artists" emerged to seek drugs.

She must also have started out of curiosity. Samuel did not want to think too much about it.

o	"I heard there's a helpful clinic in the countryside. The son of S is also a regular there.."

"No. I want it to be as close as possible."

She needed treatment without the public's attention, but he wanted her to stay by his side. She had to be by his side.






"How long does the treatment take?"

"It's very difficult to make a conclusion. The controlled substance was strong, but the antidepressive ingredient was also abusive. It was a miracle that the airport let these go. This could last long term."


Samuel lit his cigarette. So far, his effort to cut on cigarettes had turned to naught. He wished for a child. But the woman in his arms was like an illusion that would disappear any moment. He especially wished to see Yuri bear his children and give birth to babies that resembled her.



"Nothing seems to go right." Samuel swallowed his murmur with the cigarette smoke.

That's when Jin-wook returned from his phone call. He gave a detailed report as he repeated what he had heard from the ex-hotel manager the other night.

"So what does that man want in exchange?" Samuel snickered. If that man harboured thoughts of blackmailing him, then even the heavens wouldn't be able to save him.

"He wants a new position that works indoors instead of the parking lot." Jin-wook was only the messenger, whether or not the man would have his wish granted depended on this almighty devil before him.


"Let him do as he wants." Came the reply.

Jin-wook immediately got the gist of the words and said, "I'll head to Jinseong this afternoon to get the video footage."

"Is there anyone else who knows about the incident?"










Since the location was the hotel lobby, chances were more than one person knew of this. This was why Jin-wook had asked the same question to the man, besides, it also served as a good source to double-check should that man be sending them on a wild goose chase.



"Hyeon-ah Kim was in the lobby that day. She would know exactly what happened."

Hyeon-ah Kim. A charismatic face instantly appeared in his mind, the kind that made it obvious that she was not an easy person to handle.


"Did you find out about him?"

The 'him' here was the driver involved in the accident who had been released from prison two years ago. Since the cameras had all been cut off, he was the next best bet to get answers.

"Yes. Only a short while after his release, he opened a restaurant that's pretty big in his hometown. It's quite confusing. How did a man who was bankrupt prior to the accident obtain the money to open a restaurant?"


"Worth finding out."

Samuel crossed his arms and mulled the info to complete the puzzle. President Jin and In-bae Lee. What sort of thing would involve both of these individuals? Despite the significant hints, the truth had yet to reveal itself.

A call from Manager Choi broke the silence. Must be about Yuri if she's calling this early in the morning.

"What's the matter?"










"Sir, the main door is not functioning properly. She must have locked it from the inside, but she isn't responding to the doorbell."




The entrance door was protected with a security function that did not allow any trespassers into the house. It could be unlocked with a passcode usually but needed a master key if someone decided to lock it from the inside. Moreover, Samuel was the only person with the master key.



He said to hold for a moment and ended the call. Something did not seem right. He quickly got up and looked at Jin-wook.

"I must go see Yuri."

He called Yuri during his entire ride to the house. No matter how long he tried he was not connected to her. Was she sleeping

in? His watch indicated that it was past 10 AM. She did not seem to be able to sleep last night, was this why?

He tried to stay nonchalant but his anxiety only intensified with each passing moment. Jin-wook noticed Samuel's nervous face through the rearview mirror.

"You saw her awake very late at night just yesterday." He tried to remind him, in case he didn't remember because he was quite drunk.


Correct. He'd checked with his own eyes that the library had its lights turned on late at night. But he was still anxious. And what was he excessively fretting over? That Yuri might have disappeared just like in the past. His heart pounded vigorously from nervousness, his face was ashen.

Samuel firmly pursed his lips as he sank in his thoughts. The moment they arrived, he did not even give time for Jin-wook to park the car before he dashed out of the vehicle and to the house.








Manager Choi and the security guards, who were standing by the entrance, lowered their heads.

"Still no response from the inside?"

"No. I rang the doorbell a few times, but she wouldn't answer. "

Samuel pulled out the master key and unlocked the secured door.

Like mad, he sprinted upstairs and burst open Yuri's bedroom door.

The room felt eerily dark, what with its closed curtains and stuffy air. He quickly turned on the lights but saw not a soul.

Where is she?

He rushed to his bedroom, pushing the door open. As he stood there taking in the scene, he noticed a silhouette of a body covered with a blanket all the way to the face. It was a habit of hers to cover her face when she slept. When he caught sight of her hair and fingers peeking out and stroked his chest in a bid to calm his throbbing heart.



"Yuri."

As he cautiously stepped inside, the sleeping figure should've provided him a semblance of relief. Yet, his heart never ceased to race. He curled his nose at the thick stench of alcohol permeating the room. Did she drink? About then, he stepped on something and came to a halt.



He narrowed his eyes at the familiar object that he had accidentally kicked- a bottle of Booker's. This was a whiskey of over 60% alcohol concentration that was gracing the shelf in his library. Only now it was absolutely empty.

Did. did she finish this bottle by herself?










Samuel stilled before panic took over through and through. If this weak woman drank this much alcohol, she must be under the risk of acute alcohol intoxication!

Hurriedly, he tugged at the blanket veiling Yuri from head to toe. The anxiety in his voice was a testament to the turmoil of his heart at the moment.

"Yuri!" He cried aloud, hoping to wake her up.

Soon the wan face of the slumbering girl revealed from under. She lay there, dyed in a shade of blue. lifeless.

He held her by the shoulders and frantically shook her as he shouted: "Yuri Han! Wake up!"

By now, startled by the racket, Jin-wook and Manager Choi had rushed into the room.

A distraught Samuel lifted the limp girl up, her body cold. A stunned Jin-wook quickly recomposed himself as he placed his fingers on her neck. Her pulse was barely perceptible.

"Call the ambulance now!" Samuel screamed. He could feel his whole body fluster. His hands vigorously rubbed over Yuri's feet and hands, trying to induce some heat. It was the most he could do to help her keep breathing.

"What happened?" Jin-wook took out the flashlight he always carried around to check on Yuri's pupils.

Samuel shook his head. "I can't be certain, but I should say it's acute alcohol intoxication-" He paused in the midst of speaking as a silhouette of a white object on the side table grasped his attention.


It can't be!






Samuel ordered Jin-wook to look over Yuri as he picked up the object. It was a vial of sleeping pills. The pills Jin-ho prescribed to him a while back. When he opened the lid, he was thunderstruck.

The vial was. empty.




His hands trembled, Jin-ho took off his glasses and rubbed the bridge of his nose. He frowned at the moist sensation. He had to give up on pursuing a career in general surgery because of his inherent personality, despite getting perfect grades in school.

Doctors are expected to be inherently composed, no matter the situation adn it is especially true for surgeons. Given that, this talent medico was a contrast to his profession. He was easily overwhelmed during an emergency, losing his cool and bathing in perspiration. Every time he recalled the criticisms a professor had once showered him with, he felt bitter all over.

Save her, do whatever it takes to save her!

Samuel's desperate cry was alarming enough to make the emergency assistants and even the vice president rush over to him. Jin-ho had never seen this Seo Scion this enraged ever since befriending him. The cardiologist was also more sincere than usual as he examined the D. I (Drug Intoxication) patient meticulously.

God was on their side. The sleeping pills Jin-ho had prescribed Samuel were not that potent. Moreover, they had expired over three years ago, so the ingredients were no longer as active. One more thing they were lucky with was the fact that Yuri did not take all at once but in gaps as she gradually consumed them.

However, this did not mean that the situation was not dire. She had consumed over half a bottle of pills with a full bottle of whiskey, she would've been in fighting for life had they arrived any later.






They opened her mouth to force her to throw up and cleanse her stomach. Samuel clenched his fist the whole time he watched this process. Sucking out the drug was incomparably more painful than taking the drug. As her ferocious squirms of pain rang through the room, his fist turned white, trembling in trepidation.

A prudent Jin-wook was quick to caution the hospital staff about divulging info, the matter had to be kept under wraps at all costs.

The emergency procedure was completed and Yuri was wheeled out to another room, even then Samuel's firmly clenched fists didn't relax.


Seeing the man's stance, Jin-ho thought the actual one at risk was Samuel, not Yuri. He was pointlessly wandering around the pale woman like a ghost. The phone rang several more times but he did not even flinch.


Right then, Jin-wook ran to his boss in a frenzy and whispered. There seemed to be an emergency at work. It was only now that Samuel reluctantly recovered his sanity and took his eyes off the woman.


When he left, Jin-ho felt a humongous burden lift off his shoulders. Their treatment was a success, the woman would soon wake up and have no trouble recovering. Then, Samuel would also be relieved. At least that was what he thought until-

"Aaahh! No! Don't, don't put it inside me!"

Who would have thought that a completely unconscious woman would have a seizure?





As soon as she opened her eyes, she yanked on her cannula. The force backfired, the needle poked her vein, blood gushed out. Her frail hand was dyed crimson in no time.

A panic-stricken Jin-ho yelled for the nurses. Since Yuri had only just been purged of alcohol and toxins, even slight bleeding was extremely detrimental, it could even harm the heart. Time was of the essence, the nurses held her hands, stopping her from moving about, as the doctor instantly grabbed a vile of tranquilizer and held up the syringe. At the sight of the needle, the terrified and agitated girl's eyes glistened, so much that the man holding it turned anxious.



"No, no, no, no needles, please no!"

Her ear-piercing shriek stunned the nurses, but the seasoned staff only gripped her firmly. But a frenetic Yuri would have none of it, tugging her hand to wrest free, shoving the vital sign monitor, and pushing Jin-ho away. Her skinny body was so potent that the nurses struggled to calm her down.

After a long hustle, the nurses were ultimately able to subdue her, pinning her onto the bed. With super speed, Jin-ho quickly injected the ready syringe into her vein. She shook her head in rejection, as she burst into tears.

"Please, please stop, please-"

The drug took immediate effect, her wails eventually died down, and she closed her eyes seemingly at peace. Her limp body looked even more fragile as if it would shatter with just a light breeze.

Jin-ho let out a deep sigh as if he had just won an arduous battle. He then asked the nurses to tidy up the chaotic room.






"Wha-what is this overreaction~" Jin-ho murmured to himself as he sank his face in his palms. The fear, hatred, fury, and instability reflected in the woman's eyes at the sight of the needle was too stressful even in hindsight. As a doctor had seen his fair share of people with a fear of needles, but this girl's was beyond extreme.

Jin-ho pulled up his glasses and exhaled audibly. He gazed at the wan form on the bed, monitoring her diligently. He couldn't afford a lapse of judgment at this stage, not just because he feared Samuel's demonic aura, but also because he was a sincere doctor.

After some waiting, with his heart in his mouth, the vital signs gradually turned stable again. It was only now that he noticed how bony Yuri's arm was. Because of this, they had to administer the intravenous through her hand instead of the wrist.



"What's wrong with her wrist?"

When Jin-ho came back after discussing some matters regarding Yuri with the vice president, Samuel was already back in the room. Did he deal with that mandatory meeting well before he came back here so quickly?


Samuel had long noticed the doctor's arrival but still locked his eyes on the pale woman.

"She had a seizure in the middle."

"A seizure?" He turned his body in surprise.

Jin-ho was intimidated by Samuel's expression. The man who was always apathetic portrayed a strong feeling of concern on his face.


"?She's mentally very unstable. Did something happen?"







Samuel did not reply instead turned his head towards Yuri again. Jin-ho could sense an aura of both fury and ambivalence from the man. Was he furious because he was ambivalent, or was he ambivalent because he was furious? The emotions behind his straight facade seemed to be boiling wildly inside him.

"Leave, I want some peace." He sounded hostile but also sincere.

Jin-ho thought it best not to provoke the man and quietly left the room. It was the only room in the VIP area so things were super quiet here. As he stepped out, he found Jin-wook waiting for him in the hallway. He beckoned the doctor.

"Bro."

This was how Jin-ho usually called Jin-wook. Because of their age gap, Jin-wook seemed more like a father than a brother to the other. Well, he did take care of him instead of their deceased parents, so it was reasonable to think that way.

"How's the condition?" he asked solemnly.

"Who are we talking about? Samuel or the girl?" Jin-wook replied gravely.

"The girl."

"We've detoxified the drug. She had a seizure in the middle of it, but she's doing much better now. Her health has overall weakened. She needs more examinations done."

"She had a seizure?" Jin-wook was surprised.

"She went berserk at the sight of the needle. I'm not a psychology major, but I assume it's a typical reaction of PTSD patients. It was serious actually. I think it's due to her memory loss. You had a hard time from it back in the day too. You even had to quit your job as a






police officer." The man reminded his older brother as he gazed at him and let out a sigh.

----

Continue in part 3!!
