







Yuri had become Hye-yeon.



Cold water slowly trickled down on Samuel's perfectly sculpted body. His mind had wandered off.

So, you are President Jin's daughter. He'd smirked at her.

She was slender, tall, and fair? when he'd untied them, her wrists were a deep red. Big, dark eyes graced her delicate face? showing resilience all along. She had a pleasant fragrance about her.

Initially, he had qualms about her after all the whole scenario was uncanny. She wasn't a spy but the daughter? like in a movie?

Heck! What are the odds of such a happening in real life? She had sworn not to reveal anything, going as far as to make him promise the same? perhaps a ruse to convince him? She was more daring and intelligent than he thought.

Although they'd struck a deal, he was sure, as soon as he set her free, she would run and tell all. But somehow, now that he thought about it, he felt the woman would probably not say a word, especially to her father. He didn't know why he felt so, but by and by his confidence deepened.



Before his arrival, he'd run a thorough check on all the personnel in

Jinseong Construction and Hotel Jinseong. He only knew the name of the president's daughter who had nothing to do with the business. Little had he expected that Myung-je Jin, who was like a snake, had such a beautiful daughter. As her dazed, frozen face when he'd bound her, came to his mind, his nether region stood erect.



What the..!









Perplexed, he looked down at his hard cock. He felt he was demented, he didn't like tying up girls but wanted to jerk off on a woman he'd never seen before.







After a long, cold shower, he wrapped a robe around himself and exited the bathroom. Standing tall by the window, he looked at the Jinseong River. The very one that had devoured his father. The dark, still waters were unsettling, making him want a cigarette. He walked over to the table and picked up a pack and a lighter. The moment he had lit one, his cell phone buzzed. He checked the caller's name before answering.



-Hello. Where are you now?

"Hotel Jinseong."

-Why the hell are you there? We get nothing good if President Jin knows.



It was the boss of LJ Partners. Samuel  called him 'Jay'.

LJ Partners was an investment firm on the papers, but in reality, it held a strong footing in M&A. In particular, Jay had an outstanding ability in money flow and was an astute businessman. He went to the same university with Samuel . And both recognized the value of partners at the very first meeting. Since then, their partnership had only flourished.




-Oh, is today your father's death anniversary?

Jay asked as if he had only just remembered. Instead of answering, his friend changed the topic.

"President Jin isn't here right now. I checked his schedule. What's your situation now?

-Panic.






Samuel  smiled ever so slightly, the other side continued.

-I'm going crazy trying to figure things out somehow. Mr. Jin, this man, as we expected, has dragged In-bae Lee into the 'Star Road' betting game.


"Of course, he will not be able to get the land without Lee In-bae's power."



'Star Road' was a large-scale shopping mall project that Yuseong, a mid-sized construction company, was working on in collaboration with Jinseong Construction. Located in the Q area where the complex transfer station was, since the onset, this project was touted as the proverbial 'goose that lays golden eggs'.

Needless to say, it had garnered a lot of attention.

Samuel  did not miss the point that Star Road was situated around a traditional market. It was obvious that there was bound to be a conflict during the process of doling out the demolition compensation due to poor business registration and lease contracts.



Jay had sent out the so-called "nail house" people to the merchant association in secret. The effect was dramatic. In the form of a "Star Road fire incident" the entire nation was enraged.



-What shall we do? Shall we take action right away?

"Don't play the joker yet. It's no fun finishing the game now."










-It reminds me of our hunting days. What about Yuseong? It's not the main target, but it's fallen into the trap.

"It's too risky to catch it even though it is trapped now. Just focus on the game as planned."

-Ugh, that's too bad. Speaking of hunting, how about hunting in Canada..it's been a long time? Bear hunting is the best.

"By all means."

Upon wrapping the call, Samuel  stubbed out his cigarette. His gaze went back to the Jinseong River outside the window again.

Like Jay had asked, tomorrow was indeed his father's death anniversary.

His father was a man who'd abandoned everything for love. The woman his father loved was an orphan sponsored by the Seoin Group and personal secretary to Samuel's grandmother.

He'd fallen in love with her since childhood. However, Samuel's grandfather, who was obsessed with mergers through marriage, did not approve of their relationship. He separated the sweethearts through force. His grandfather sent away the woman, leaving his father, who did not what had transpired, deeply disappointed.



Then, in desperation, his father married his mother and Samuel  was born. Though it didn't start with love, their marriage was not bad. They respected one another and did not intrude on personal turf.


However, their marriage ended with the return of the woman who was in a wreck. His father, without any hesitation, abandoned everything he had for her. Property, status, family, and in the end, even life. It was a ridiculous cliché.





Samuel  became deeply disillusioned when he recalled his father.

He felt the same about the great "love" his father had dedicated to the woman. Samuel  never meant to follow in his father's footsteps. The "love" may have been great, but it brought him and his mother nothing but desolation. Had his father never loved him? One day, early in the morning, his father went to the field of reeds for a walk. He never returned. But it seems he got his answer.



It was the first time he'd visited here since his father's death. On the first anniversary of his death last year, Samuel  was abroad.

However, this time, it's not clear why he came to this place without stopping by his home as soon as he returned to Korea. He didn't even contact Jin-wook who's always by his side.

This morning, he had somehow found himself walking along the river. Every time he stepped forward, reeds made a sound. Beyond this field was the villa where his father and his woman had lived together.


After his father threw away everything he had and hid in the city of Jinseong, Samuel  had once come here alone. He was only twelve at the time and could not fully accept his father, who'd on one night, simply disappeared from his life without so much as a word. He did know the reason but from what he heard, it seemed to be because of a woman. He set off in search of his father? to bring him back.



When he found the house they now lived in, his father was away. He saw her for the first time then. The woman, who was so skinny that she was about to fall down, was sitting in a chair in the garden. He was unable to understand why on earth his father loved that woman who was dying. She was far behind when it came to beauty compared to his mother.





?Hello?

She recognized Samuel  and was at a loss. He looked at the woman in the eye and spoke.

Give me back my father!

As soon as his words fell, the woman had an asthma attack. He didn't know what triggered her, but he assumed that it was because of his eyes that looked just like his grandfather's.

And that day, his father, who came to the emergency room for the woman, slapped his son on the face for the first time. It was the last time he had seen his dad.

People said he would come back when the woman died, but he did not return even after 10 years had passed, nor did he find his father anywhere. So, it was the first and last time Samuel  saw his father as a picture at his funeral.

Where Samuel  stopped walking was quite far from the trail. The water of the lake fluttered in the sun. He was standing at the place where his father jumped in. It was also where only anglers visited.

Sadly, his dad was already a long-lost person to the Seoin Group, and the media did not make a hue and cry because the Seo patriarch quickly worked on it to hide things. Chairman Jung-ho

Seo dismissed his son's death as an accident, but his family did not believe him. Neither did they investigate it.

After the woman's death, unable to cope up, his father had relied on psychiatric help. There were witnesses who saw him jump into the river on his own. Without a doubt, Jung-ho must have bought the witnesses' silence. The truth never saw the light.

"Be careful! It's deep there."








Samuel  turned to where the sharp voice came from. He could see a familiar face.

It was the woman whom he met in the room yesterday? Hye-yeon.















The golden rays of the morning sun glistened the tranquil river as the tall reeds danced with the gentle breeze.

She stood there, dressed in a simple pair of jeans and sneakers, an unassuming smile gracing her lips, even as the rays teased her eyes.


It took him a moment to recognize her without her uniform. He reckoned she must be on her way to work.

"We meet again!"

"Oh, hello!"

She took a step back when she saw it was Samuel . She was clearly not expecting him here, of all the places. He seemed cordial, unlike the previous day, so she decided to lay her curiosity to rest.

"What are you doing here? Have you taken the wrong way?"

"No. I have something to check."

"Check?? What is it?"

He openly evaded her question and instead asked one of his own.

"Is this place very deep?"

Samuel  pointed to the spot where he had just tried to step on. At first glance, it was hard to tell whether it was land or water. Only those familiar with this terrain could easily identify.

"Well, there are a lot of people who can't tell if it's land or water because it's covered with reeds. Actually, it is a very deep spot, so you can't get out of it if you get stuck."






To emphasize the seriousness, she pointed to the sign 'Accident Prone Area'.

"Do you know this place well?"

"I live near here."

Come to think of it, was President Jin's home near here? He turned his gaze towards the river near where he stood.

"Well, can I ask you one thing? Do you happen to know about the accident that happened here two years ago?

"Two years ago?"

She scrunched her brows as if trying hard to recollect, then suddenly her eyes brightened as she'd thought of something.

"Are you talking about the president who lived in the villa over there?" she asked. "He's not actually a president, but he's the one who lived in that villa over there. Why do you ask?" She turned cautious as she looked at him probingly.

Lighting up his cigarette, he looked at her squarely.

"He's my father."

Her eyes betrayed the shock her heart felt. This fellow, ever since they bumped into each other, had been giving her blows one after another. She took a moment to compose herself and preferred to be candid.


"People here have always called him the 'Villa President'. I've often seen him fishing here. He was your father? Come to think of it, you do look alike."

"Really? Did he fish here always?" He started prodding.






"Yes, he was here two or three times a week."

The soft wind gently carried the cigarette smoke, taking it to places. Two or three times a week.

"If he did, he would've been familiar with this terrain."

"Huh?" She appeared confused by his words.

Perhaps it was the cigarette smoke, but the woman frowned and narrowed her lively eyes. Taking the cue, Samuel  threw his cigarette into the lake. He looked on as it created small ripples.

"He wouldn't have lost his footing by mistake."



It was a suicide! Father jumped into the river on his own.

He'd gotten his confirmation.

And with that, Samuel  turned around and walked away, leaving a befuddled woman behind.

Back at the hotel, all alone, he poured himself a glass of alcohol. His vacant mien refused to reflect his inner thoughts.

What did he expect? That his father didn't kill himself?

He smiled self-deprecatingly.

It was not that he had never considered such a scenario. Deep in the recesses of his mind, whenever he had thought of his father's sudden death, a part of him had declared it as suicide. But now that he had proof, it felt strange accepting it. It shouldn't be so, he had long distanced himself from the man who was known as his father. And yet?








Everything about his father, right now, made him feel numb?

Something hit and passed through his empty chest. An aching pain surged and he clenched his heart. He took deep breaths, desperately trying to calm something violently fluctuating within him.


Night came but only after two bottles of strong liquor had disappeared. It was a dark night shrouded by a sullen silence. It was fated to be a sleepless night.

The next morning, bright and early, he was checking out. He noticed a shadow behind him. When he turned around, he met Hye-yeon Jin.


"Can you spare me half an hour, if you don't mind?" There was a kind of twinkle in her eyes, that made it hard to refuse.

What does she want to do? He was simply staring at her wondering what the woman was up to. His eyes showed vigilance. But it's only eo minutes? whatever can one do in thirty minutes?


"What's going on?" He was still hesitant to consent.

"There's a place I'd like you to go for a minute."

When they left the hotel, he noticed she was walking towards yesterday's reed field. He was baffled.

Why did they come here again?

He had barely calmed down from last night, when the sound that each step created on the reed, caused a turmoil in his heart again.

"Where are we going?" He couldn't take it anymore.

"You'll see."






He burned his cigarette to settle his nerves as he looked at the back of the woman leading him. Neither spoke, as they walked further and further away from the hotel until they reached a point where she stopped.


This place was a vacant lot clean of reeds. Looking at piles of junk and garbage around, it could be a recycling dump.

What the hell are we doing in this dump?

She must have been insane and he was a fool to follow her bewitched. But looking at the woman, she looked sober.

Slowly, Samuel's darting gaze found an old man sitting between two piles of garbage. The hat he wore? he couldn't be mistaken- the checkered hunting cap with ear flaps-it was his father's!

Overwhelmed, Samuel  unconsciously approached the man. "You? that hat?"

The man stared at Samuel , puzzled. He didn't seem to understand a word of what the other said. It was only when the woman used sign language to communicate that he understood the man was hearing-impaired.


The two spoke for a long time. By and by his frustration was reaching its peak. When he had had enough, he interjected.

"Who is this guy?"

"We call him Mr. Shin, and he lives here collecting waste paper, junk, cleaning up the reed beds in front of you and often picks up scraps or recyclables from the hotel. The day of the accident happened, he was on his way there."

"Then this guy?"








"Yes, this man is the witness." She finished his thoughts for him.

He saw the accident that day? Samuel's jaw stiffened.








Chapter 22 - Choices.

Samuel  came back to Seoul, but the woman still occupied his thoughts. Her tender face, zesty eyes, calloused hands-were etched on his mind. Perhaps, it was because he was buried in the workload that he got so attracted to the woman he just met.

The way she'd diligently translated Mr. Shin's sign language was still vivid in his mind.

"I was on my way to collect waste paper and junk as usual. The old man? I mean, the president of the villa, was fishing. I thought so because he hung an empty fishing rod two or three times a week. But there was a sudden gust of wind. The wind blew the president's hat into the lake. This hat? It's a common thing here because it's called the goblin wind, but suddenly the old man got up to grab his hat. He wouldn't have stepped on that dangerous spot if he hadn't just tried to. It was so sudden?"

Throughout the man's gestured communication, Samuel's gaze never left Mr. Shin's hat.

That hat was given to Samuel  on his birthday that year, before his father left. It was the only hat in the world-custom-made in England.


Why is the hat still here? Why did my father jump into the river to catch the hat? No, why did he still have that hat? No money, no position, no wife, no son? but just the hat.

Feeling Samuel's gaze, Shin took off his hat.

"I picked it up a few days later by the river."












When he was somewhat collected, Samuel  brought out a check and extended it to Shin. The man's grateful eyes upon receiving it needed no translation.

He didn't know what was more perplexing-his father who jumped into the river because of this hat, or the man who kept it. One thing was clear, it was comforting as the sound of footsteps of the woman following him.


In all his life, no woman had shown him concern, as she did. As a rule, he always chose women who would not give him problems and had a proper relationship. A proper relationship meant a beneficial one.


It always started on a high note rosy and cozy. But as soon as the honeymoon period ended, reality would barge in. Greed, jealousy, possessiveness? aren't they the mother of all problems? He hated it when problems arose. No matter who, no matter where, this was typical of women.

He had seen how his father had enough problems with women. He had resolved to steer clear from them-women!

However, Myung-je Jin's daughter seemed to be quite the contrary. Well, at least the few times they'd met, seemed to say so.

But, now was not the time to delve into this. For it was about time for his interest in that woman to wane slowly.

Shortly after, Samuel  was invited to the opening ceremony of an art center at H Arts University, his mother was the chairperson of the board.




The H Art College, the Mecca of the Korean Art World, seemed to share an interesting bond with the Seo scion. This place, his





mother now helmed, was her alma mater too. His aunt, Jung-hee Seo, director of the Seoin Gallery, majored in Oriental painting here.

Every year, this institution produced winners of contests and world champions-students making their debut as rookie artists. As such, it was a place of pride as the best art school in Korea.

His mother, whom he had not seen for almost half a year, was still an elegant and beautiful woman. A year after his father left home, his mother left home too. It was the divorce of the century; while the whole world was in a shock, his world turned tumultuous.

Upon his son's death, Chairman Jung-ho Seo promised his daughter-in-law and grandson unprecedented wealth and status. Had she been an ordinary woman, she would have just lived, satisfied with her status as the "Seoin Group's Daughter-in-law".

But she was the only child of the founder of the arts school that produced famous talents and educators of different generations. She was a woman of high pride, not someone obsessed with wealth or honor. How could a paltry Seoin Group compare?

Eventually, his mother left home after agreeing to his grandfather's proposal that she had to relinquish all rights related to the Seoin

Group. Of course, that included the only "Seo" grandson of

Chairman Jung-ho Seo and her prerogative as a mother.

Despite it all, Samuel  neither condemned nor resented his mother's decision. It was his father who had erred from the beginning, and what came after was his mother's choice for her life. It didn't matter if he didn't feature in it. All in all, in this game of cause and effect, the final winner was abandonment.

Since his mother's departure from the Seo Family and his life, Samuel  had met her only through formal settings. There was a distance that neither could cross, willing, or not. There was nothing





that they had to say to each other. After all, the most sacrosanct bond in the world, mother and child, built upon flesh and blood, was now connected by a mere piece of paper: the certificate of birth.


On that day, he left the office early after a round of meetings. When he reached the university area, he made his way towards the event's location. He saw his mother, she was overseeing the last minute things. Suddenly, she looked in his direction, seemingly wanting to say something to her son. However, it didn't matter.

Just like she had made the choice to abandon her son, he had made a choice for his mother, too.

He walked around the venue for a little, looking for a quiet spot to smoke. This newly opened art center boasted artistic symmetry. A lot of thought was put into the building, but its grounds didn't lack care. As he strolled around the lush landscape that stood as a testimony to the artistic verve, his eyes caught something familiar.

Sitting on a bench in the most inconspicuous corner, head buried deep into the sketchbook, delicate fingers wielding the pencil with aplomb, eyes fixated, utterly oblivious to the surroundings was a woman.


Such a pristine scene brought two words to his mind?

Hye-yeon Jin.







Under the warm rays of the sun that snuck past the lofty branches, she sat there on the bench immersed in a world of her own. A pair of abandoned high heels lay by the naked feet in the company of an empty beer can that had served its purpose.

An unknown force dragged Samuel  towards the girl, his pace subconsciously quickened. Yet, the source of it all, continued to be oblivious, moving her deft fingers over the sketchbook even as the man stood inches behind her.

"Hye-yeon."

She turned towards the low voice resonating above her head. Her eyes widened in surprise upon the sight of her most unexpected visitor. She quickly recovered and smiled.

"Hello, what a surprise running into you here!"

Her eyes were clear and bright. When she gazed into his eyes directly, Samuel  felt an inexplicable commotion in the forsaken corner of his heart.

"I didn't know you were a student here." Her mesmerizing eyes agitated his heart further.

"I'm on leave at the moment."

"Was your work part of today's exhibit, by any chance?"

Considering the large number of high-profile invitees, it was most definitely an important event for the art students. In fact, it could compare to their graduation ceremony. This was where they would take their first step into the real world, build networks, and whatnot. Moreover, the guests were their potential clients and sponsors.






"Almost."

"Almost?"

He turned his attention to the sketchbook. Her skills were impressive, even at a fleeting glance. She could give her peers a run for their money, and yet, here she was!

Before he knew it, a can of beer was in his hands. It seems this girl was not just skilled with her hands; she'd nimbly eluded his question.


Out of habit, he lit a cigarette and looked towards her only to find her glaring at him. Apparently, the smoke was bothering her.

However, the staring contest didn't last long; her firm gaze and

Samuel  had reluctantly taken the cigarette out of his mouth and flicked it into the bin nearby. Satisfied, she tossed the can to accompany the ciggy.

"It's a long story." She thought this should stop his probing.

"The kind of story that made you drink alone in the middle of the day?"



Quite a curious cat this one is!

"Are you always this curious about other people's private lives? And why are you so informal with me? We're not at the hotel anymore." She was visibly miffed at his intrusion.

Look at this! Samuel  scoffed.

"That makes us even, don't you think? Aren't you the one who started! You can go ahead and be rude to me all you like."








She stared at him as though dumbfounded. He fixed his gaze squarely upon her eyes, unwilling to back off.

Right then, he suddenly felt a wave of a nausea-like sensation. Something shook violently within, which permeated into his beating heart. It was an intense attraction that he had never experienced before.

"Well?"

As soon as she parted her lips, her cell phone rang. She glanced at the caller ID and closed the sketchbook.

"I have to go."

She got off the bench, staggered as she put her heels on. Samuel  held her arm to steady her.

Bad move! A shiver ran down his spine the moment he grasped her slender limb.

"Ah, thank you." She said politely.

A burning sensation spread, from the fingertips that touched her to the rest of his body. He felt unbearably thirsty.

What is this? Samuel  stood rooted, staring down at his hand for a while before turning towards the direction in which she had left.

He saw her walking away with a man. He felt an indescribable ache in his heart as he watched her smile at him.

At this moment, Samuel  simply did not care whether this feeling was love or lust. He was going insane over his desire for her. He gave a damn to everything. All he wanted was to make her his, and only his!











Present Day-

He dreamed that he made love to the woman.

She said she was Hye-yeon, but she was not.

He took his time with her, savoring the moments she clung to him as she looked at him with eyes bathed in ecstasy. Wrapped in his arms, she always received him with a softness that soothed and excited his senses at the same time.

From the beginning, they had been well suited for each other. Even if it was a deal, it was suffused with passion. She was pure, untainted? waiting just for him to mold her as he wished. He had done just that, enjoying every bit, every moment. And the more he tamed her, she continued to fit him even better.

He adored her madly, so much so that he could not imagine being with any other woman. In a way, she too had tamed him.

"Ha?"

A sweet moan escaped her lush lips.

Samuel  withdrew the finger deposited deep inside her cave. The red flesh twitched, nectar trickled down his finger. Slowly, he licked his fragrant and sweet finger. It was as if she was a fruit given to him for his consumption only. Something that was only his, something that only he could have.



Samuel  spread her legs and entered her. As he went all the way in, without even an inch of room, she twisted herself slightly. He squeezed her waist and thrust into her repeatedly.









As he moved faster, her whimperings filled the air. To him, her entire body was a musical instrument, producing sound at his touch. His excitement gradually soared, he swiftly turned her over and grasped her breasts.

"Mmm, please?" Her soft plea fueled his hunger.

"Just a little more." He coaxed.

He was going crazy. Each time he had her, he felt an overwhelming desire to devour her whole.

He lowered his hand from her breast and rubbed her clitoris. As the passion intensified, she pleaded urgently? in the midst of the sounds of slapping flesh, she reached the apex. He sank his teeth into her smooth shoulder and let out a loud grunt. He climaxed almost at the same time as she did, feeling completely at one with her.



Panting, he lovingly kissed the top of her head, delighted that she kept to his pace.

When he was about to call her name, he suddenly froze.

"Who are you?"

He didn't know her name. He knew every inch of her body? but not her name.










Under the warm rays of the sun that snuck past the lofty branches, she sat there on the bench immersed in a world of her own. A pair of abandoned high heels lay by the naked feet in the company of an empty beer can that had served its purpose.

An unknown force dragged Samuel  towards the girl, his pace subconsciously quickened. Yet, the source of it all, continued to be oblivious, moving her deft fingers over the sketchbook even as the man stood inches behind her.

"Hye-yeon."

She turned towards the low voice resonating above her head. Her eyes widened in surprise upon the sight of her most unexpected visitor. She quickly recovered and smiled.

"Hello, what a surprise running into you here!"

Her eyes were clear and bright. When she gazed into his eyes directly, Samuel  felt an inexplicable commotion in the forsaken corner of his heart.

"I didn't know you were a student here." Her mesmerizing eyes agitated his heart further.

"I'm on leave at the moment."

"Was your work part of today's exhibit, by any chance?"

Considering the large number of high-profile invitees, it was most definitely an important event for the art students. In fact, it could compare to their graduation ceremony. This was where they would take their first step into the real world, build networks, and whatnot. Moreover, the guests were their potential clients and sponsors.






"Almost."

"Almost?"

He turned his attention to the sketchbook. Her skills were impressive, even at a fleeting glance. She could give her peers a run for their money, and yet, here she was!

Before he knew it, a can of beer was in his hands. It seems this girl was not just skilled with her hands; she'd nimbly eluded his question.


Out of habit, he lit a cigarette and looked towards her only to find her glaring at him. Apparently, the smoke was bothering her.

However, the staring contest didn't last long; her firm gaze and

Samuel  had reluctantly taken the cigarette out of his mouth and flicked it into the bin nearby. Satisfied, she tossed the can to accompany the ciggy.

"It's a long story." She thought this should stop his probing.

"The kind of story that made you drink alone in the middle of the day?"



Quite a curious cat this one is!

"Are you always this curious about other people's private lives?

And why are you so informal with me? We're not at the hotel anymore." She was visibly miffed at his intrusion.

Look at this! Samuel  scoffed.

"That makes us even, don't you think? Aren't you the one who started! You can go ahead and be rude to me all you like."








She stared at him as though dumbfounded. He fixed his gaze squarely upon her eyes, unwilling to back off.

Right then, he suddenly felt a wave of a nausea-like sensation. Something shook violently within, which permeated into his beating heart. It was an intense attraction that he had never experienced before.

"Well?"

As soon as she parted her lips, her cell phone rang. She glanced at the caller ID and closed the sketchbook.

"I have to go."

She got off the bench, staggered as she put her heels on. Samuel  held her arm to steady her.

Bad move! A shiver ran down his spine the moment he grasped her slender limb.

"Ah, thank you." She said politely.

A burning sensation spread, from the fingertips that touched her to the rest of his body. He felt unbearably thirsty.

What is this? Samuel  stood rooted, staring down at his hand for a while before turning towards the direction in which she had left.

He saw her walking away with a man. He felt an indescribable ache in his heart as he watched her smile at him.

At this moment, Samuel  simply did not care whether this feeling was love or lust. He was going insane over his desire for her. He gave a damn to everything. All he wanted was to make her his, and only his!










Present Day-

He dreamed that he made love to the woman.

She said she was Hye-yeon, but she was not.

He took his time with her, savoring the moments she clung to him as she looked at him with eyes bathed in ecstasy. Wrapped in his arms, she always received him with a softness that soothed and excited his senses at the same time.

From the beginning, they had been well suited for each other. Even if it was a deal, it was suffused with passion. She was pure, untainted? waiting just for him to mold her as he wished. He had done just that, enjoying every bit, every moment. And the more he tamed her, she continued to fit him even better.

He adored her madly, so much so that he could not imagine being with any other woman. In a way, she too had tamed him.

"Ha?"

A sweet moan escaped her lush lips.

Samuel  withdrew the finger deposited deep inside her cave. The red flesh twitched, nectar trickled down his finger. Slowly, he licked his fragrant and sweet finger. It was as if she was a fruit given to him for his consumption only. Something that was only his, something that only he could have.



Samuel  spread her legs and entered her. As he went all the way in, without even an inch of room, she twisted herself slightly. He squeezed her waist and thrust into her repeatedly.









As he moved faster, her whimperings filled the air. To him, her entire body was a musical instrument, producing sound at his touch. His excitement gradually soared, he swiftly turned her over and grasped her breasts.

"Mmm, please?" Her soft plea fueled his hunger.

"Just a little more." He coaxed.

He was going crazy. Each time he had her, he felt an overwhelming desire to devour her whole.

He lowered his hand from her breast and rubbed her clitoris. As the passion intensified, she pleaded urgently? in the midst of the sounds of slapping flesh, she reached the apex. He sank his teeth into her smooth shoulder and let out a loud grunt. He climaxed almost at the same time as she did, feeling completely at one with her.



Panting, he lovingly kissed the top of her head, delighted that she kept to his pace.

When he was about to call her name, he suddenly froze.

"Who are you?"

He didn't know her name. He knew every inch of her body? but not her name.






















It was bright and early when she opened her eyes. Drawing the curtains aside, she let the rays stream in and light up the room.

She felt particularly refreshed this morning. It was the first time in a while that she had had a dream involving anyone other than 'him'.

Neither had she woken up drenched in sweat nor had she felt the usual agony. Most importantly, the person who'd visited her dreams was someone she had a soft spot for- Hye-yeon.

Although she'd left for the States abruptly, while there, Yuri had tried to reach Hye-yeon. She was curious as to how her friend was faring now that she was not around. However, no matter how many times she tried, she couldn't get through to her cell phone or residence. In the end, she had concluded that the numbers could have been disconnected for some reason. For the lack of a direct line, she tried reaching through her social media accounts. What was once a boisterous account with a slew of pictures et al., was now insipid due to inactivity. Thus, upon receiving no response even after several tries, Yuri had been forced to give up.



But the dream from last night had rekindled her desire to reconnect with her good friend. While at it, she decided to do something else as well but needed some info before going about it.


Noting the time, Yuri decided to call her uncle in New York. She reckoned, by now he would have closed the restaurant for the night and would be relatively free to talk to her.

"Uncle, it's me, Yuri. Are you busy?"

"No, we're just wrapping up now. Are you okay? What's going on?"










Her uncle was, in addition to being her mother's brother, her father's best friend. Her father had fallen in love with his bestie's younger sister at first sight. He visited his shop every single day in a bid to catch a glimpse of the queen of his heart and win her over. Her uncle loved his sister and her man. For that reason alone, he was particularly devoted to his orphaned niece. Without his material and emotional support, it would have been impossible for Yuri to have survived.



"Of course, I'm doing well! It's nothing special, but I wanted to ask where my dad's ashes are resting. I'd like to visit while I'm in Korea. It's somewhere in Jinseong, right?"

"I don't think that's a good idea." He sounded firm.

Early in her treatment, when Davis had suggested that she visit the places associated with her past, her uncle had fiercely opposed it.

He didn't furnish a reason, so the matter had simply passed. However, as her condition worsened he'd reluctantly agreed upon realizing that this was the only recourse. Left to him, he wouldn't have allowed Yuri to take this trip to Korea.

Her uncle's flat refusal confused Yuri. Her father was not just an integral part of her memory, but her life too. Besides, her uncle was his best chum. Why then was he this against her visiting him? In fact, shouldn't he have been the one to ask her to do so in the first place?



"Why? Why shouldn't I?"

A long sigh was heard from the other end, there seemed to be a veiled fear even. After a moment of silence, a low voice sounded.

"There's something that I haven't been able to tell you. Considering all that you're going through, I'd best kept it to myself? Actually, the last time you were there you went missing for ten days."





" ? missing?!"

She was in utter disbelief.

"Even today, I don't know the whys and hows. By the time I heard about your dad's accident and managed to get to Korea, you'd long disappeared. I searched all over Jinseong for you while I arranged the funeral. Then, a group of strange-looking men suddenly showed up at my doorstep and threatened me against doing anything stupid. Some of them were police officers."

Her head began to spin, she gripped her phone tight and heard her uncle continue.

"I couldn't bear to stay there, so I went to Seoul as soon as the funeral was done. Just in case, I gave my contact information and the name of my hotel to your friend. I think her name was Hye-yeon Jin? And a week later, very late at night, you showed up looking like a mess and fainted right away. When you came to, you had already forgotten all about what had happened."

A long silence lingered on. She had never heard this before.

"Anyway, you shouldn't go to Jinseong. Please don't go there, Yuri." Her uncle repeatedly pleaded as if casting a spell. But his niece's mind was a tangled mess.

She mumbled something in response and got off the phone.

Dazed, she turned around to catch her reflection in the vanity mirror and gazed at it for a long time.

What on earth has happened to me?!

Apparently it had all begun with those 'missing ten days'. She had found her first clue and how!






But this was no time to sulk, she had to get to the bottom of it all. She tried to jog her memory.

She remembered calling her uncle about her father's accident, he had soothed her and said he would be with her shortly. However, recalling what happened next was a challenge. As she closed her eyes and tried to drag out the memory in any way possible, she heard a ringing in her ears. It was the same warning siren that appeared every time she attempted to break the seal on her memory. Each time this was where she stopped? had to stop. Even so, today, she blatantly ignored it. But that made it only louder, an excruciating pain dominated her mind. She staggered. Luckily she was close to the wall, she steadied herself against it. Slowly, the ringing stopped.



The seal remained intact? she'd given up yet again.

However, this did not mean she had given up altogether. She knew all too well there was no use continuing to drill her mind for answers, she would needlessly suffer. She had to find a better way of going about this. Now that she had somewhere to start, she wouldn't let go of this opportunity.



Her gut instinct told her that the person he'd given his contact information to and the one she must've met at the end of her "missing ten days" were the same.

I have to find Hye-yeon!

Determined, Yuri went to the bus terminal and bought a ticket to

Jinseong. Her uncle's word of caution lingered in her ears, her heart sank? But did she have a choice?

The situation felt similar to the beginning of a horror film that she'd watched. The heroine had gone to the village that she wasn't






supposed to visit. All alone on a journey into the unknown? what'd happen to her? Would she die, or escape?

Sitting on the window seat on the bus, she gazed at the passing cityscape. She could almost glimpse the desolate Yuri who had started towards the city upon dropping out of university. All alone, wronged, robbed of hope she'd sat in a corner seat of the bus and cried even as the scathing sunshine streamed through the window and the bus rattled along.



Memories are strange. How could she remember small things like that, but not the important ones?

Yuri hailed a cab at the bus terminal in Jinseong.

"Hotel Jinseong, please."

The gray-haired driver glanced at Yuri through the rearview mirror.

"You mean, the hotel that used to be Hotel Jinseong?"

"Sorry?"

"That place is called 'Hotel Seoin' now."

Surprise spread across her face. The city's landmark hotel had closed down? Whatever happened to Mr. Jin? And Hye-yeon?

She turned her gaze towards the outside, trying to contain the chaos brewing in her heart. It did help though.

As she looked, she found the city had changed vastly in five short years. Large new buildings had replaced the old ones, and the run-down market had been transformed into a clean shopping center. Never had she thought this quaint place would see such a drastic makeover.










When they stopped at a red light, the driver asked, "When's the last time you were here?"

Yuri counted the number of years since the last visit she could remember. "About five years, I think."

"Ah, of course, you're surprised then. It's really changed since, right?"

"Yes. It really has changed a lot."

"I think it was three or four years ago? Things started developing after Hotel Seoin opened. More shops came up, and young people started moving here. We get a lot of foreigners too. And there's a rumor that they're opening a casino here soon."

Yuri nodded as the cab driver happily donned the guide's hat. Before she knew it, they'd arrived at the hotel.

She was amazed by its exterior. The hotel that she remembered was nowhere to be seen. Its façade, adorned with black marble, was impressive to the intimidating degree.

She approached the front desk, but Hye-yeon was nowhere around. Only employees dressed in fancy uniforms greeted her.









Everything felt strange to her. Luxurious lighting, exuberant décor? guests accoutred. There were no families or tourist groups in hiking gear. All around, there were just? foreigners. It was as though she had got off the cab and into an utterly different world.

Overcome by a nauseating sensation of racing through time after a long state of suspension, she ran out to the street.

She was breathing heavily, trying to gather her bearings. As she looked around her? she could recognize a brick nor tree. Everything had changed. The place, the people? the air. Nothing felt the same any more. Just when she was on the brink of feeling hopeless? something caught her eye.

Standing tall, swaying in a rhythm of its own, on the river bank were the once all too familiar reeds. At long last, a welcome sight!

A blithe smile graced her lips as she walked on the dry grass allowing the blades to caress her as they wished. She took a deep breath and looked towards the sky, the glistening water? her heart started to settle. Slowly, she went along the path behind the hotel and across the field. She was happy to find the same old shortcut leading to the residential neighborhood still waiting for her. Her steps finally came to a halt upon reaching the largest independent house in the area: the Villa President's abode.



She stood at the street corner and gazed at the house. Thankfully it was just as she remembered. The wooden gate? the high walls, it was all still the same. This was one of those places that held fond memories. Her father used to wash the car in front of the house.

She stopped herself short of excitedly ringing the doorbell. After all, the nameplate at the door had changed. She quickly came to her senses and chided herself for losing her composure.





Of course, the hotel wouldn't be the only one with new owners! What's she thinking!!!

No wonder I haven't been able to reach her.

She swallowed the bitterness brewing within and looked around the neighborhood. She reminded herself about the purpose of her visit. She deliberated over what to do next as she slowly trudged away.


Where could she find Hye-yeon? Should she go back to the hotel, and see if she could find anyone from the Hotel Jinseong days? Perhaps, she could go into stores and ask about Mr. Jin? Anyone living in Jinseong would know him?

While she was lost in her musings, she heard someone call out to her.



"Yuri? It's you, isn't it?"

She turned towards the voice and was surprised by what she saw. Although it was difficult to make out her face in the glare of sunlight, it was definitely Hyeon-ah Kim from the old hotel.

Hyeon-ah smiled happily. "I heard you were in Korea and knew you would visit. It's been a while!"

Yuri hesitated at the warm welcome of her old acquaintance. She was happy to see her, but something was off.

How did she know that I was in Korea?

"Come in, this is my place."

Hyeon-ah led Yuri to a small café near the hotel. It was bustling even at this time of the day, a sign that business was doing well. It






appeared to turn into a bar in the evenings. Yuri looked around its small interior while her host prepared coffee.

Hyeon-ah was different from how she remembered her. She had never seen her with this much makeup before. Her straight black hair had been replaced by a beautiful brown, wavy one. Her previously short nails were now long and manicured, and instead of a clean-cut suit, she was wearing a tight dress that perilously showed off her cleavage.



"So you don't work at the hotel anymore?"

"That's right. They cleaned the house when the new owners came in. First, they moved me from the front desk to the kitchen, and then to the laundry room. I couldn't handle it. The manager is still holding on, though." As she spoke, she sat opposite Yuri with two cups of coffee and lit a cigarette in her mouth.

Seeing the surprise on Yuri's face, she said as if explaining herself, "Oh, this? I started when I opened this place."

For some inexplicable reason, the smoke made Yuri's heart race. Even so, she asked in the calmest voice that she could muster,

"How's the business?"

"When I first left the hotel I was at a loss about what I should do to feed myself. But turns out I'm really good at this stuff. I had learned a lot at the hotel, too. It was pretty hard at first but thankfully things are stable now. I even have some regulars. How've you been?"

"I've been living with my uncle in the US."

"And what do you do these days? Still painting?"

"Yes, I'm still working in the art industry. I'm in Korea on business."

"So you're going back to the US?"





"I'm leaving in three days. I came to Jinseong just to see how things are, but?"

It was time to wrap up the reconnaissance mission disguised in pleasantries. Yuri took a deep breath and shed all pretences.

"How did you know that I was in the country?"

Hyeon-ah slightly raised a corner of her mouth and put out the cigarette.

"A man came to see me? With a recent picture of you." She was forthright with her reply.

"What picture?"

"It looked like it was from a CCTV footage. You had your hair up in a ponytail, wearing a trench coat." Hyeon-ah walked over to the counter as she talked and fetched something. It was a business card- gold-colored text printed on black paper.

<Jin-wook Jeong, President, J Consulting>

Yuri had never heard of the man or the company before.

"I'm not familiar with him."

"I figured. He claimed to be some kind of consultant but he was suspicious as hell. He was about fifty, his eyes looked incredibly sharp. My guess is he's ex: police or military."

Having spent years at the hotel front desk, Hyeon-ah had a keen eye for people. One glance, and she could read them like a book. This skill was very handy in dealing with the guests then as it was now.











Yuri carefully inspected the card. She read and re-read the name and other details. She'd a gnawing feeling within, but she couldn't put a finger on it.

Sensing her misgivings, her friend decided to put her at ease.

"Don't worry. I didn't have a good feeling about it either, so I just told him that I didn't know you."

"Can I take the card with me?"

"Yeah, go ahead. Actually it wasn't you that he was interested in at first. He initially asked about Hye-yeon, the dead girl."

Crash!

The mug had slipped from Yuri's hands and hit the floor. For a brief moment, the crisp shattering of porcelain fractured the gaiety of the café. Even so, the source of interruption was oblivious to it all.

Who could blame her?

Still unaware of the wreckage she'd created on the floor, a flustered and pale Yuri asked, "Hye? Hye-yeon is?dead?"

















Looking at an ashen Yuri, Hyeon-ah Kim's eyes widened to their limits. This was totally unexpected.

"What, you didn't know she was dead?" she asked in apparent disbelief.

The two were thick as thieves, how could she not know? But looking at her now, it seemed she really didn't know.

"I couldn't even imagine? I-I just thought I couldn't get in touch with her. And I didn't have the energy to worry about it in the US. Hye-yeon? is really gone?"

Yuri's voice was quivering. How could this be?! She felt a big stone weighing down her heart. She could not possibly believe that her friend was dead? gone forever.

Can you please fill in for me, just for three days? I'm going to Japan with my boyfriend.

I'll give you twice, no, three times my hourly pay.

Yuri could still vividly picture the naughty Hye-yeon, asking her to show up to work at the hotel in her place. How she would plead, coax, boss? but never take no for an answer.

But why?

"I heard it was suicide. Someone found her body floating down the Jinseong River," Hyeon-ah said as if sensing her thoughts.

No, no way! That was ridiculous! Hye-yeon would never kill herself!!!









"?That's not possible." Yuri spoke with conviction. She knew her friend best!

A few breaths of silence passed. Hyeon-ah peered at Yuri in all seriousness. "Do you know anything? I mean, you were the last person to see her alive."

A flash of lightning struck impregnable walls in her subconscious, a crevice of hope emerged. And without a warning, a scene began playing in her mind. It was so vivid as if it were happening in that instance.


Splash! Cold water sprayed across. Gradually as the water settled, a figure came into view? the serene face, vacant eyes? she was going deeper and deeper into the river. 

Yuri's pupils dilated, she clenched her fist trying hard to endure the torment and glimpse the drowning face.

That? that woman? Hye-yeon!

Stop remembering!

Something sharp slashed the deep corners of her brain. Violent pain began gnawing at her. Yuri gripped her head with both hands and started shaking it.

What was that image?! Was it a lost memory? or, a delusion brought on by shock? If it was a lost memory, then why was I watching Hye-yeon sink into the water? Was I there?

"Are you okay?"

Hyeon-ah stared into Yuri's face with concern. Her already pale face was now turning blue. Before she could wrap her mind around it, she saw her struggling to say something.






Yuri barely squeezed a sentence out of her throat. "?I'm so-rry. I thi-nk I sho-uld go."

It was becoming difficult even to stay seated. Everything in front of her was just too ruthless for her to handle. All she wanted was to run away from there.

As she stood up, her legs shook precariously. She staggered to get a footing with the help of the table.

"Are you really all right? You look as white as a sheet!" There was panic in Hyeon-ah's voice, helplessness wreathed her confident visage.


Even so, her friend's anxious voice felt strangely distant. Yuri shook off Hyeon-ah's hand that was trying to hold her steady. She turned around and stumbled out of the café.

She was floating in a dreamlike state as if her brain was on a meltdown. Her mind refused to think. She moved mechanically for a long time before gradually coming to her senses. When she tried to muster a semblance of her whereabouts, she discovered she was in the lobby of Hotel Seoin. It was unclear how she'd managed to take the bus back to Seoul or made it to this place.

Why am I here?

Yuri slowly looked around her, blinking, striving to make sense. Sounds from her surroundings, which had thus far been blocked as if the speaker had been turned off, suddenly rushed in at once and bombarded her eardrums. Her sensations, that had previously disappeared, now returned.



This was not the first time that she had moved around in an unconscious state. It was an often occurrence since losing her memory. She would wander the boundaries between reality and





fantasy, as if she were seeking something, sometimes even running away. Each time, she had done something that she could no longer remember, or found herself in an unexpected place.

But why this hotel, when she'd canceled the reservation only a few days ago? What is she supposed to find here?

Is this because the new Hotel Seoin in Jinseong had left a strong impression? And who is the man that was going around looking for her? Jin-wook Jeong from J Consulting-who is he? Is he related to the people who'd threatened her uncle?

She suddenly noticed the CCTV camera hanging at a corner on the ceiling and recalled Hyeon-ah's words.

It looked like it was from CCTV footage. You had your hair up in a ponytail, wearing a trench coat.

That must have been her first day back in Korea. Could the footage have been from here? She peered up at the camera. How had the man obtained a copy of the footage?

She knew, from her days working at Hotel Jinseong, that it was not easy to get one's hands on the lobby surveillance footage. An upscale place like Hotel Seoin would require a warrant from the police.


That man must be an insider here. A shiver ran down her back. Perhaps she was being filmed right now?

Yuri took a step towards the exit. At that instant, the floor sloshed and things began spinning in front of her. Her knees gave away and she dropped to the floor. She felt the impact against the surface and began hearing the murmurs of the crowd around her.

"Are you okay, miss?"







Urgent footsteps stopped next to her and a man's voice echoed.

The world in front of her swayed up and down nauseating her. She wanted to say that it was nothing, that she was all right, but she was finding it difficult to even breathe.

"Yuri? Yuri Han? Are you all right?"

She managed to regain composure at the sound of a familiar voice. A tall man with light brown hair, slightly drooping eyes, and firm hands? Jae-won helped her up.

"Jae-won?" she asked, doubtfully.

"That's right, Yuri. We meet again." He smiled.


















"Why are you?"

"I work here. I came to check since a guest was having a problem, and it turned out to be you. Are you feeling ill?"

"No, I'm just a bit light-headed."

"Do you have a medical condition? We have a nearby physician on retainer. She can be here in five minutes. Wait here." Jae-won fished out a cell phone from his jacket. Yuri shook her head.

"No, please. I'm really fine. I don't need a doctor."

Seeing her frantic face, he put the phone back into his pocket. He led her to a sofa.

"Please wait here just for a moment," he said in a stern voice and disappeared. Yuri tried to move while he was gone, but her muscles were devoid of energy.

Why am I feeling so weak?

It's then that she realized all she'd eaten all day was the coffee from Hyeon-ah's café.

"Here, drink this." Jae-won suddenly rematerialized and handed her an open bottle of water. Feeling grateful and thirsty, Yuri brought the bottle to her lips. She felt a small relief as the cold water traveled down her throat.

Seeing the half-empty bottle, Jae-won asked again, "Are you sure you don't need me to call the doctor?"

"Yes. Thank you so much for your help." She was still feeling weak, but thankfully the dizziness and nausea had disappeared. She





would feel better once she had a chance to return to her room, take her medication, and rest.

Yuri gave him a slight nod. "Thanks again for this. I'll be going now."

But Jae-won stood up in front of her. "Where are you headed? Let me drive you."

"No, I'm totally fine. I don't want to be a bother."

Jae-won would not back down. "It would be a bother for you to just walk out in your state. I'd be so worried about you for the rest of the evening, that I wouldn't be able to get anything done."

The valet had already brought Jae-won's car to the entrance of the lobby. Jae-won opened the passenger door for Yuri. "Get in."

Yuri reluctantly climbed in. Seated at the wheel, Jae-won asked,

"Where to?"

She named the hotel she was staying at. He entered it into the navigation system and started the car.

Soothing piano music streamed out of the speakers. As though mindful of Yuri's frail state, he refrained from talking too much. She sat with her eyes closed, feeling the silence that wasn't entirely uncomfortable.


They had arrived at the cross-section near her hotel when she opened her eyes.

"Actually, I've been meaning to reach out to you." Jae-won started.

"Me?"

"Ah, I guess you haven't heard from the agency yet. Director Yoon told me that you are Roy Jean's assistant. My team is planning on





acquiring one of his pieces for the hotel lobby, so I thought I'd ask you a few questions."

For the first time that day, she pictured the emails and messages that must have been piling up on her phone. Normally, she'd check them as soon as they came in, but she could hardly think about that today.


"Would you be interested in having dinner with me?" Jae-won took a chance.

After a moment of hesitation, she accepted. She was starting to feel hungry anyway. A surprised Jae-won flashed a pleasant smile.

"Well, there's a great place not so far from here, let me take you there."



Jae-won took her to a traditional Korean-style house with a gracious, vintage exterior. He led her inside while she marveled at finding such a house in the middle of the bustling modern city. A woman clad in a semi-traditional garb greeted them at the entrance with a charming smile.



"Director Lee, it's been a while."

"I don't have a reservation, but would it be possible to get a table?"

"Of course!"

The woman then guided them to the annex.

Treading on the beautiful stepping stones on the garden path, Yuri pondered over the title that the woman had addressed Jae-won with.












This man works at Hotel Seoin. Given his proximity to Shi-yeon she reckoned that the two would be on similar levels. However, she was surprised to learn that he was so high-ranking.

"You're dining with a beautiful lady this evening."

"I'll try to come more often."

"I'd be so grateful, sir. I haven't seen Director Yoon since she got engaged."

"She seems rather busy these days."

Yuri took in the view of the garden outside the window while Jae-won chatted with the owner. A pond was situated in the middle of the garden, next to a small pavilion. They were nestled among expensive viewing stones and old pine trees. This was not an ordinary restaurant for ordinary people.

"Is there anything you can't eat?"

Yuri turned her gaze to Jae-won and shook her head. "No, I can eat anything."

"Then I'll order the chef's tasting menu." Jae-won motioned to the owner. "We'll do the usual. It would be great if you could serve everything at once. I skipped lunch and am about to starve to death."


"Certainly, sir."

Once the owner left the room, Yuri sat face-to-face with Jae-won and began.

"How do you know Director Yoon?"











"Ah, she's a friend. We go way back. And soon she's going to be family, too."

"Family?" She's surprised, she's hardly expected such a connection between the two.

"Yes, she's engaged to my cousin. If all goes well, they'll be married around this time next year."

"I see." Yuri nodded.

Jae-won changed the subject. "What did you study in school?"

"I studied painting at university. And now Roy's teaching me sculpting."

"I see. So you're working on your own pieces as well?"

"Not these days."

"Like, you're in a slump?"

"Pretty much." A bitter-sweet smile flickered on her face.









The restaurant had quite a relaxed atmosphere, Yuri found it quite calming. Jae-won was a decent company too and by and by, her mind was steered away from the happenings from earlier in the day.


The paper door slid open and the servers in semi-traditional garb, similar to the proprietor's, brought in the dishes. The large table was soon filled with beautiful dishes.

"Would you like something to drink, sir?"

"I'm all right. Yuri, how about you?"

"I'm okay as well."

"Please enjoy your meal." The server left the room and closed the door.



Jae-won, the gentleman, was quite an attentive host.

"Please go ahead."

Saying so, he took a piece of savory pancake and placed it on the plate in front of Yuri. Whether it was due to her hunger, or the chef's skills, everything was absolutely delicious. Yuri was honestly impressed.


"They do a great job here."

"Right? The owner's family has been running the place for three generations. I'm here pretty often. Please enjoy to your heart's content."

Jae-won smoothly led the conversation, occasionally recommending dishes for Yuri to try. He asked about the piece that





his team was looking to buy, and she answered to the best of her knowledge. His experience in the hospitality industry had extensively trained him in table and conversation etiquette.

"How's New York these days?"

Jae-won had spent most of his childhood in the US and was very familiar with New York City. He would still visit a few times a year, to see his brother who lived there.

On that note, the conversation naturally focused on the city.

Amazingly, his brother's apartment was very close to Roy Jean's studio. Jae-won seemed surprised when Yuri mentioned this.

"I've always been curious about that building since it has such a unique exterior. I'd no idea it was his studio. On the off chance, does it also serve as a gallery? I'd love to visit."

"That's right. It has some of Roy's work, as well as some pieces by his assistants. Please do drop by next time you're in town."

"Is your work also displayed there?"

"Just a few."

"I'm looking forward to seeing them!" He seemed quite enthusiastic.

Soon after, Jae-won dropped her off at her hotel. She thanked him before getting out of the car. She was refreshed now and thought she owed it to this man.

"Thank you for dinner. I'm greatly indebted to you for your help today."








"Please don't worry about that. I really enjoyed having dinner with you. And here's my card. Would it be possible for you to give me a call before you leave the country?"

"If you wanted to talk about the contract, the agency would be handl ?"

She didn't really think she needed to involve herself as this was something the agency always handled. But before she could complete, the man interjected.

"No, it's not about that."

Yuri withdrew the hand that was about to take his card. She didn't know what he wanted with her, she was somewhat uncomfortable now.


Seeing her hesitation, he added. "Don't feel pressured. I just want us to be friends. Please, I'm starting to feel a little embarrassed here."


Yuri reluctantly took the card from his hand. She felt obligated to the man for today, however, she made herself clear.

"I may not have a chance to call you before I go." She didn't want him to get the wrong signals.

"That's okay." He smiled gently.

She gave him a polite nod and went into the hotel without turning back.



What a long day this has been!

Yuri dropped to the floor as soon as she entered her room. She'd held it in for quite a long time.









Samuel  buried himself deep in the seat of his car. It felt like his senses were focused on one thing, as vivid as the perception of a hunter who'd finally re-encountered a prey that had long eluded him. He could barely contain the excitement that brewed in his body ever since he'd been informed of Hye-seong Jin's capture.

However, instead of pulling the trigger of his shotgun, the hunter clasped his hands together and closed his eyes.

Jinseong Construction? It had been one of the top fifty construction firms in the country, riding on the coattails of Hotel Jinseong and the influence wielded by the mayor of Jinseong, In-bae Lee.


Since long Samuel  had lusted after Hotel Jinseong. This was when the Seoin Group was devoting itself to its hospitality business, in an attempt to purge itself of the foul reputation from its beginnings as a weapons manufacturer. He needed to grab this hotel: a key tourist attraction, a landmark in the region.

But Myeong-je Jin, a man who had gotten his start in a local gang, was not the type of person you could talk things out with. The negotiations had gone down the drain. The only remaining option was to exercise force.


Thus, Samuel  and Jay concocted a plan to bring Jinseong Construction to its knees, their target being the Star Road Shopping Mall project that this company was collaborating with Yuseong Corporation.


The duo quickly went about their designs like clockwork. Jay managed to win over the shop owners at the open-air market, on whose land the shopping mall was supposed to be built. Under his seemingly guileless orchestration, the shop owners refused to sell





the land while a sly Samuel  put pressure on the finance industry and successfully limited the cash flow into Jinseong's project.

Unable to handle the debts snowballing due to the delay in construction, a desperate Jinseong Construction ended up setting fire to the market where some shop owners were still holding out in protest. Ten or so people were killed or injured. The Jinseong gang and the construction company were tried in the court of public opinion.



Jinseong Construction's downfall followed according to Samuel's plan. Mr. Jin had invested everything in Star Road Shopping Mall, including In-bae Lee's election funds, and thus was desperate enough to sell the hotel to make up for the losses. And when he finally came to it, without hesitation, he even tossed in a woman pretending to be his daughter as part of the deal.

Samuel  slowly opened his eyes.

At first, he thought a year would be enough. Enough time for him to satisfy whatever it was that he was feeling-possessiveness or perhaps simple lust-get tired of her and make a clean break sans regrets. He had had actresses, models, and even women from upper-class families at his side, and a year had always been enough. In some cases, it was too long even.



So, he couldn't understand why he lusted after Yuri more intensely the more he had her. He was ill-equipped to understand the workings of his own heart which was continuing to react with such force even after four years. But one thing was clear, he hadn't made a clean break.



After two hours or so, the car arrived at Jay's vacation house. The house was isolated from the quiet village nearby offering a perfect setting for clandestine or indecorous business. Jin-wook and his men were waiting for him.





The men recognized Samuel  and bowed their heads. Jin-wook, who was standing at the entrance, approached him.

"He was in Incheon, trading US dollars against Russian sailors, the

Chinese, and Korean-Chinese. His bodyguard put up a fight, but we managed."

"Is he inside?"

"Two of my guys are watching him."

Jin-wook led him into the house.













Samuel  recalled seeing Hye-seong at one of his meetings with Myeong-je Jin. The boy was the literary sort having studied Russian literature at university and was obsessed with Tolstoy. The author's emphasis on mercy, pacifism, and self-control probably had made a deep impression on him so much so that he resented and shunned his father's work at one point. Not that he had managed to escape the path that his father had taken. You can't run from your bloodline? it's like trying to get rid of your own shadow.



Samuel  saw his own reflection on the glass cupboard in the hallway. Perhaps this applied to him as well? being unable to avoid his father's fate of letting a woman drive him insane.

He wiped the smirk off his face and walked into the living room, where a pale, skinny man was sitting with an anxious look on his face.


This despondent man was nothing like the insolent youth he had once met, who lived in a utopian world looking at everyone with eyes of disdain. That conceited youth who'd cocooned himself in the world of black and white seemed to be now seeking shelter in the grey areas. Indeed, the last four years had been truly cruel to him.



At the sight of Samuel , the man bounded up from his seat.

"Samuel Seo! It was you who dragged me here?!" His voice was crisp, eyes clear.

Even so, in the sea of emotions wavering in the man's orbs, Samuel  spotted 'relief'.

Relief? How funny!





"So I'm guessing that there are others who are trying to find you."

Those words poked where it hurt. Hye-seong flinched, but he didn't want to give him the satisfaction of reading his mind correctly, thus began bluffing.


"That's none of your business! Why are you looking for me?"

Instead of replying, Samuel  leisurely walked to the sofa across Hye-seong, and sat down like he was in his living room watching TV. Right on cue, Jin-wook ordered his men to leave the room and closed the door.


Hye-seong glanced at Jin-wook, who was standing at the door, and then Samuel , who was seated in front of him. Chastising himself for his loss of composure earlier, he awkwardly sat back down.


Samuel  unhurriedly sized him up from head to toe. He was much thinner than Samuel  remembered, somehow radiating a precarious aura unlike before.

He has changed a bit.

Hye-seong Jin had always had a rather frail look about him. Sure enough, looks can be deceptive, given the magnitude of what he had done- daring to sell a stand-in to Samuel .

Hye-seong began with an uneasy face, gone was the arrogance from a moment ago.

"Mr. Seo, I can't think of a reason for us to meet like this."

"Are you sure?" Samuel  scoffed, bringing a cigarette to his lips.

He'd instructed Jin-wook to simply bring Hye-seong here without an explanation. No matter the situation, this method always






worked wonders. For starters, since the said person would not be aware of the whole scenario, he wouldn't have the time to think of a way out. Second, he would feel pressured due to the silence and in a bid to wrest himself free start blurting out, and in so doing reveal the truth albeit unknowingly.

However, it turned out Hye-seong was a tough cookie. He didn't want to give away anything, so feigned ignorance.

"My sister is dead, and Jinseong Construction went bankrupt. And you took away all that was left of the company. So what more do you want from me?" His words were wreathed with accusation, loathing, and despair.

"Hye-yeon died, there was no reason for me to be lenient with Jinseong Construction, right?" A nonchalant Samuel  exhaled a long trail of smoke, looking at the other with hawk-like eyes.

Still unable to get a clue as to why he was brought in, Hye-seong furrowed his eyebrows.

"Who was that girl?"

An abrupt question that intermingled with the gray smoke sprang like an arrow to pierce the other's heart.

And yet?

"What girl?" Hye-seong still pretended to be confused as if the smoke had slowed down his brain.

"The girl that you and your father sold to me. I know she wasn't your sister." Samuel  was getting impatient, his blood was surging.

"What? what the hell do you mean?" Hye-seong asked, his face turning blue.







Crash!

Samuel  violently kicked the table before him, all along looking at the other squarely. Hye-seong recoiled in surprise, the air had abruptly turned deadlier.

"The fact that I'm sitting here with you means that I know everything. You'd better not try to trick me again. If I had my way, I would skin you alive." He bellowed.

"?"

"Let's try this again. Who's Yuri Han?"

Although his heart was in turmoil, his face betrayed nothing. In all fairness, Hye-seong was not entirely pretending. He wasn't faking his confusion. Truth was, he was unable to fathom why Samuel  was asking this when he apparently knew everything already. Now was not the time to mull over it. Even so, it was difficult not to answer.



Without a choice?

"? the chauffeur's daughter. My sister's friend."

"And?"

"And what? I just told you."

"What did you give her in return for standing in for your sister?"





Hye-seong pursed his lips, apparently unwilling to answer.

Samuel's patience was wearing thin. He slowly stubbed the cigarette into the ashtray.




"I'm asking you again. What did you give her in return?" His tone, colder than before.

"Why would you?"

"Do you need some help remembering?" Samuel  cut him off and signaled Jin-wook.

Jin-wook cooly put his hand into his jacket pocket. What appeared next was a shiny handgun.

How could someone carry something like that here in South

Korea? This isn't the US or Russia!

Right then Hye-seong remembered that Seoin Holdings was primarily a weapons manufacturer. They were the foremost to create the first-ever privately sponsored shooting team, and each year donated a considerable amount of money to the Shooting Sport Federation.



And the man sitting in front of him was a noted marksman who'd won a gold medal in the Asian Games. Simply put, he was the man who had the easiest access to guns in the country!

"Money!" Hye-seong shouted desperately. "Dammit, it was money!!!"

Ever since he was a child, Hye-seong had been exposed to a lot of things. He was confident that he had seen a wide range of people, especially those classified as unsavory. But the aura that was emanating from this man was much more dangerous than he had ever felt from anyone else. It was as if Samuel's entire body was about to produce a cold blade and cut right through his heart.

"Money?"









This was definitely not the answer Samuel  was looking for. He took out another cigarette and rhythmically tapped the filter against the table. Then, he slowly brought it to his lips and lit it.

Behind the rising smoke, Samuel's outline started to become blurry. As Hye-seong closed one eye in a grimace, a hand emerged through the smoke and seized him by the collar.





Hye-seong could feel the wrath permeating through his collar, he felt suffocated. He neither flinched nor moved, looking straight into the towering, demonic orbs of his captor.

"I. Don't. Believe. It!" Samuel  spat out word by word through gritted teeth.



"Why?" There was some disbelief in the voice.

"Had she asked, I would have given her a lot more!"

It was as if he was sledgehammered. Hye-seong went numb all over, his lips went dry. Deep inside, he knew how ruthless a man Samuel  was. To say he was a devil personified, would be an understatement. His instincts were screaming to him: to survive, he had to tell the truth!



He licked his parched lips, then looked squarely at the other. "I heard it directly from Yuri."

Samuel  took a drag deep into his lungs. Nicotine soothed his mind. He was able to make better decisions under the influence. He gazed at the man with measured eyes.

Could he believe this man's words?

"The Yuri Han I knew wasn't interested in money. She had no desire for materialistic things." He countered.

He was clearer than anyone about the kind of woman she was. Money? Ha! That woman was wooden; no matter how expensive the gift, it would never evoke so much as a glint in her eyes, let alone a smile! What's more, when she had actually disappeared, all she brought along was her small handbag. The jewels, bags, even cards, and cash, she'd left them all behind.





But she sold herself for money?

"Yes, that's what Yuri was? originally. But you ruined it all!"

Abruptly, unable to contain himself, Hye-seong lashed out.

He remembered Yuri all too well. Pretty, shining like a gem? he had first seen her when she had first moved into the staff quarters in their premises with her father.

He knew her better than anyone else, for she was that woman who would be standing right next to him now, if only his father, President Myung-je Jin, had not been infatuated with an unspeakable offer by Samuel . That one offer? ruined everything!

"Because of me? You sure know to joke!"

At Samuel's sarcastic remarks, Hye-seong's long-suppressed anguish burst forth as screams, shrouding the room into a melancholic languor.

"If only you hadn't mistaken her identity! No, it wouldn't have happened if you hadn't been looking at her in the first place! My father didn't suggest anything to her! She never went to you on her own!"


Samuel  glared at the man coldly. The image of a man walking side by side with Yuri Han struck him.

I see. This guy, he liked her. Because of his father's coercion, he lost Yuri to me! She was also his sister's friend.

"Stop talking nonsense! Your father should have told me. The woman I wanted was Yuri Han, not Hye-yeon Jin. Of course, that meant the Hotel Jinseong sale deal would not go through. In-bae

Lee, who'd lost his campaign funds, would have tried to kill your father. That's why you shut up. No?"





Samuel  harshly shoved Hye-seong away by his collar. The man flopped down on the sofa helplessly.

Samuel  stared at him with his expressionless face and sharp eyes.

"How much was it?"

Hye-seong kept mum. Samuel's patience dissipated as seconds ticked by. He asked slowly again.

"Don't test my patience. How much was Yuri Han's ransom?"

"I don't know. It was my father who made the deal."





"What happened to the real Hye-yeon Jin? Accident? It happened at that time when Yuri Han disappeared."

"It is her, my sister died. Hye-yeon? she became a little unstable- impulsive. The family had a hard time coping because of the Hotel

Jinseong."

Hye-seong spoke in a calm tone.

What the hell is it? Why does it feel like there's something more to it? A sense of incompatibility that is hard to pinpoint? Samuel  thought.


Samuel  started grilling again.

"What a coincidence! Do you know where Yuri Han is now?"

"? I heard she went to America. She has an uncle in New York."

"If she returned to Korea, where would she be?"









"She has no relatives here. Because her family resides in America, and her father is dead, too.

Suddenly, Hye-seong looked blank. Realization passed through his face as his mouth formed into a grin.

"Did you, by any chance, see her?"

Yeah, that's it!

Samuel's silence confirmed Hye-seong's suspicions.

"You saw Yuri Han, didn't you? You saw her in Korea, right? But haven't found her yet! That's why you captured me now. To find her. Aren't you tired of being with her for a year? Or, was she great in bed? If I'd known it was that great, I would have?fuck!"




As he spoke, he felt a sharp kick on his shin, he held his breath as he turned crimson so that he would not speak further, sweat dripped from his forehead.

Samuel  tilted his head at an angle and stared straight into his eyes.








Hye-seong swallowed hard as fury swirled in Samuel's otherwise expressionless face. He felt like he'd touched this dragon's inverse scale: Yuri Han. He shrank.

.

Amidst the chaos, a distant memory resurfaced. In that, his entire body was trembling with rage, just like Samuel  was now.

"What are you talking about?!" "I said yes, Mr. Jin's offer."

"Yuri Han, are you crazy? Do you know what that means?"

To him, Yuri had always been a radiating, pure being. Beautiful and full of life, just like a fresh summer breeze. That's how he'd felt from the moment he'd first met Yuri, a middle school student, and lived in the same house. The voice that had shattered the belief that one day she would be his bride was cruel.

"I need some money."

"Money? You, are you kidding me? You're gonna do that for money? You're not that kind of woman!"

"That kind of a woman?! I'm sorry if you thought so. I was just pretending. But, I have problems, which this deal can resolve once and for all."








"Get a hold of yourself! What do you think he's gonna do if you agree? He just wants a doll that he can throw away at will! If it is the money you need, I'll give you that money."

"It was not him who made the offer but your father, Mr. Jin."

Yuri's tone was hopelessly calm, there were no emotions in once lively eyes. It looked like she had forsaken everyone? even hope?

A desperate Hye-seong roughly shook her soft shoulders, as if doing so would wake her up. Right then, the breeze swept her hair, revealing a slender neckline. His hands stilled as his gaze fell on the crimson marks that were glaring back at him? the evidence of coition.



His hands trembled?

"You, can't?"

"Yes, I slept with him."

"Yuri Han!"

"It's nothing special; just a man, a woman."

Hye-seong's quivering hand slapped Yuri on the cheek. The sound reverberated, piercing his heart a zillion times.

"Listen to yourself!" Yuri shut her eyes tightly.

Then he opened his mouth again, his voice quivering. "I didn't mean anything bad! I was just?"

Yuri shook off Hye-seong's hand holding her shoulders. He felt his whole world crumble, despair wreathed his ashen face.

"Do you mean it?"







Yuri's bitter, heart-wrenching laugh filled the air, drowning Hye-seong's cries of outrage.

"Sorry."

That was her last word.

Hye-seong was awakened from his stupor by the sound of a 'click'.

The next moment, a tremendous shock hit his left shoulder. When he looked down, he saw a scarlet spot steadily growing bigger.

It was not until a few seconds after that Hye-seong realized Jin-wook had shot him.

"Ahhhhhh!"

Hye-seong rolled on the floor screaming. Hot blood spurted and the fireball seemed to poke his shoulders.

Samuel  lit a fresh cigarette, looking down at the man squirming and rolling on the floor with impassive eyes. The cigarette smoke rose from his long fingers, adding to the haze.

Hye-seong gritted his teeth and glared at Samuel .

"I can't believe you asked him to shoot me!"

"I made it clear not to test my patience."

Samuel  smiled. Then he flicked the cigarette ash over Hye-seong's wound.



SCREAM!

Once the shrieks died, Samuel  squatted.

"The damage won't be serious, no need to worry. It's snuggly wedged in the bone, and will not damage the internal muscles





and tendons. Fortunately, your doctor can handle gunshot wounds, quite a rare talent here in our country. It will be hard to move for months, you'll feel a little painful for a few decades."

"Yo-you crazy asshole!" He cursed with clenched teeth.

Samuel  smirked, stubbed the cigarette right before Hye-seong's eyes, and stood up.

"Clean up. Have the staff pay attention to the floor, don't let the landlord go berserk."

He concluded that he had nothing more to gain here so he must leave.



"Okay."

Jin-wook lowered his gun and his head.

Hye-seong shouted behind Samuel , who was moving away.

"You, what if you find Yuri Han?"

Samuel  stopped walking. His words were like a thunderbolt.

"You have to admit she's the best? given this whole ruse she pulled off. Are you going to bring her in too? and shoot her?"

It's a question that was not worthy of an answer. Samuel  walked without looking back. But as he exited the villa, his face hardened.

Was it really money?

It had all been obvious, staring him in the face. But he refused to see it.












Firstly, he'd asked President Myung-je Jin to bring the woman as bait for money. Nevertheless, he was rather upset to think that all those times with her was all a pretense, was for 'money'.

Dammit! I should have left two more bullet holes in his shoulder.

Samuel  forcefully banged the car door shut.

"Jin-wook, don't give him painkillers, keep an eye on it for a while."














Bang!

A bullet pierced through the moving target.

Bang! Bang!

A barrage of bullets continuously hit the bull's eye.

The man deftly reloaded his shotgun after he hit the last target.

He'd lost track of time, soon his shirt under the bulletproof vest was soaked in sweat.

You, what if you find Yuri Han?

His ears were covered with ear protectors, blocking all sounds, even that of his own heartbeat. And yet, Hye-seong's words resonated, drumming his senses.

He was determined to find Yuri ever since he'd seen her in the hotel lobby, not once had he considered what he would do after. Well, at the moment he was oblivious to this subterfuge. But now, things were different.


As regards the question, first, he's going to ask why she lied to him, why she left, and?

No one has deceived you like she did. Don't you think so?

Right, Yuri will pay the price.

When he's changing his heated-up gun barrel, Jin-wook took the opportunity to pass him a bottle of water. It didn't escape his sharp eyes, that the other was drenched in sweat.









"You haven't lost your touch. You are still as good as active athletes." He admired this man's skills whole-heartedly.

Shooting, as a sport form, has a range of sub-disciplines; trapshooting being one of them. Here, one is required to shoot saucer-shaped clay targets flung into the air from a spring device called trap. Needless to say, this demands dynamic visual acuity and exceptional focus.



Samuel  was nineteen when he won gold for trapshooting in the Asian Games. As such, the majority of his youth had been spent as a part of the Junior National Team, but the Asian Games was the swansong of his career as an athlete. His grandfather did not want Samuel  catching the public eye anymore, nor did Samuel . However, to retain his firearms license, he maintained his athlete qualification.



Samuel  took off his protection glasses while he downed the water. Both men stood in silence for a while.

"What about Hye-seong Jin?" Samuel  gazed into the distance as he asked.

"I put him in Dr. Yang's clinic, nice and neat." Jin-wook replied.

Only a day had passed. For Samuel , time seemed to be dragging, there was nothing he could except endure. But it was proving to be hard.


Laying his gun on the table, Samuel  drew out a cigarette. As he lit it, his phone rang. It was Jay.

"Hello!"

"Did you find her?"

"Wow! Do you know how many Koreans live in New York City?"





"Call me when you find her."

"Wait, wait! You need to let me finish. I did? I found her."

"Go on."

Jay held back for a second before resuming.

"Let me ask you something first."

"What?"

"The girl that you're looking for, is she the one from 5 years ago? The one who related to the Jinseong hotel?"

The voice on the phone had suddenly abandoned its playfulness.

"You're right."

"You are insane!"

Jay's firm voice brought a frown to Samuel's face. He ran his fingers through his hair, starting to get impatient.

"Answer my questions now. Did you find out anything about Yuri Han?"



"As of now, she lives in the East Village. She's not married and lives with her uncle. Oh, by the way, her uncle is quite big in the Korean Community here. He runs two big restaurants. Her aunt is from here and is a well-known Human Rights Lawyer. They seem like a power couple."



"What does Yuri do for a living?"

"She is an artist affiliated with an agency. Heard she works for a famous artist as well. But that's not important."






Then, Jay lowered his voice.

"Um? There's a rumor about her, and it's not nice."

"What?"

"People say that she has mental problems. She's attempted suicide a few times already."

Yuri tried to take her own life! She even has psychological problems?!

Samuel's heart thumped frantically, his eyes betrayed his anxiety albeit for a moment, while his mind raced to make sense of this information.


She seemed to be living a nice life in the Big Apple. She had a family, her uncle seemed like a nice man for he took her in. She's talented with a stable job and a bright future. The way he saw it, there should be no reason to attempt suicide.

"Do you know why?"

" Nobody knows why except for the doctors. Her psychiatrist is an authority in the PTSD field."

Samuel  took a deep drag of his cigarette, trying to calm his nerves. His next words fell flatly.

"I want to see her records."

Jay was first baffled then stunned. He just couldn't believe his ears! Did that guy actually ask what I think he asked?! He replied in a monotonous tone, like perfunctorily reading out the rules.











"Unfortunately, only doctors have access to patient's medical charts. Medical law in the US is ironbound. Plus, the clinic she goes to is noted for their patients' privacy protection. "

Samuel  sneered and spoke with sarcasm.

"And since when did you become a law-abiding citizen? I know you can do it."

"Oops, I didn't know I had your trust! I should live up to it, right? What do you want me to do? Do you want me to know why she's getting counseling and stuff?"

Jay was back to his peppy self. It's not that he wouldn't have scooped the information otherwise, but hearing this callous demon's 'not even a once in a blue moon compliment' had its own charms!


"I want more information and details about the people around her.

I also want something critical and solid that can put them in trouble, if needed."

"Hey, ain't that my specialty!"

Giggling, Jay hung up.

Throughout the telephonic conversation, Jin-wook had kept silent, listening attentively. By the time it came to an end, his wooden face had turned grim.

"Are you really planning to go that far?"

He'd been associated with Samuel  long enough to glean his thoughts without being explicitly mentioned. What's more, he knew, first hand, of his obsession over the woman in question.

"If needed, yes."






Yes, if needed.

Samuel  was ready to give his everything if he could get Yuri back.

She, who he'd presumed dead for four long years, who had been the focal point of his every waking and non-waking hours, his heart and senses, was miraculously back? like he'd been given a second chance? Once he won her back, he'd never let her go.

Well, Samuel  understood the implicit meaning in Jin-wook's words. He didn't want him to follow Myung-je Jin's suit. He knew how it would end and it's better to steer clear while they could still.

However, for Samuel , it didn't matter what path he took. There was nothing right or wrong, good or evil. Yuri was the only thing that mattered.


Glowering at the target, as if it were the obstacle between him and her, he reloaded his gun. Time was ticking? it was so close.

I'll know what I'll do when you are mine again.

Bang!




















When Yuri was notified that the Heart of Apollo passed the customs, she was swamped with work. She needed to thoroughly examine for any possible damage to the art piece during transit, thereon, prepare an inspection report. The report would then be confirmed by her agency and subsequently by the client, Daejin Department Store. The entire process had to be filmed, a mandatory requirement for the approval.



After spending the entire day drafting the report, Yuri returned to her hotel room and headed straight to the bathtub. She immersed her exhausted body in hot water for a while and followed it up with a shower.


Feeling refreshed, she stepped out of the shower. She patted herself dry, wrapped a robe, and walked out. She was drying her hair when two cards sitting on the vanity grabbed her attention. One was black, the other ivory.

I forgot about these. It was about time for Yuri to make up her mind.



After gazing at the two cards for a moment, she picked up the black one. J Consulting, Jin-Wook Jeong.

She quickly opened her laptop and searched for J Consulting. Numerous companies with the same name filled her screen in a second. As vague as "Consulting" sounded, every "J Consulting" offered its own service of all sorts.

After clicking a couple of websites from the top, she concluded this was a wild goose chase and shelved the idea. Her reason was simple. What ordinary company would dig up people's background, and those that did, would they leave their background in the open just to be dug up?








After picturing some of the faces she saw at Myung-jae Jin's office before, she reminded herself of what Hyeon-ah had said.

He didn't talk about you in the beginning. He asked me about

Hye-yeon first.

Why did he ask about a dead person?

Wavering, Yuri searched for Jinseong City's local newspaper. At long last, she found an article about Hye-yeon. It was from four years ago. It mentioned that the body of Ms. Jin was discovered by an old man, Mr. Cho, who was out fishing. The body was lying on the edge of the riverside with no visible injuries.

Four years ago?.

Yuri's eyes were shifty. Her father's death, her own disappearance, and Hye-yeon's death were all aligned in the same timeline. To see it as a coincidence, too many pieces of the puzzle were missing.


What happened?

One by one she started to put all that she knew thus far before her.

Scenes from what she'd glimpsed at Hyun-ah's shop flashed before her eyes - Splash, a woman sank to the bottom of the water.


A stranger called Jin-wook Jeong asked around about Hye-yeon and her. How she'd ended up at Hotel Seoin, the CCTV. All of it replayed before her eyes, again and again.

Is this an indication of a correlation between Hye-yeon's death and me? Even if that is the case, why is he looking for me after four years?








She decided to call the man and get to the bottom of this for good. However, right before calling the number on the card with her cellphone, she barely strained her nerves. She realized it was too risky. Without grasping his intention and identity, it was perilous to call the stranger and reveal her privacy.

Slipping on her jacket, the next moment, Yuri stashed the card inside the pocket and recklessly left the hotel. There should be a payphone around for her to use. However, contrary to her expectations, the proliferation of cellphones precluded her from finding a payphone nearby.

At last, after a long stroll, she found a payphone. With quivering hands, she inserted coins and entered the phone number on the card. The sound of the dial tone made her heart pound. Some minutes later, the call was finally answered.

"Hello."

A man answered in a low voice. Surprised, Yuri dropped the receiver. The voice was familiar, she could not remember the person, but she recognized the voice.

But how?



Unexpectedly, the sky began to cloud over abruptly and it started raining. Through the window, the uproarious sound of the pouring raindrops flowed in. Intermittently, the man on the bed groaned.

Like a tramp, Hye-seong was wandering about in a piece of his memories. He stopped at one point. It's about five years ago, on that day?

In the court of public opinion and press, Jinseong Construction was already shredded into pieces. Prosecutors summoned every





executive of the company for investigation and confiscated anything and everything that belonged to Jinseong Construction, even if it was a mere hard drive. Adding insult to injury, In-bae Lee delivered an ultimatum, requiring recovery of his campaign funds in a month.



"Let's meet."

It was late in the afternoon when the Seoin Group contacted him. It was the call the father and son duo, Myung-jae and Hye-seong, had been waiting for all night and day.

As a matter of fact, it was not surprising to Hye-seong that Seoin Group had been coveting Hotel Jinseong for a long time now. Myung-jae was apathetic. Jinseong Construction was running on the track and the hotel was expected to produce significant financial benefits to the company as it was located in the prearranged lucrative development area close to Jinseong River.

When the tables had turned and Jinseong Group rushedly struggled to liquidate the hotel, Seoin Group had disregarded their efforts to connect. The intention was clear - the court receivership was expected, and they anticipated a dirt-cheap price for the hotel.



In this situation, Seoin Group contacting them was the only salvation Jinseong could hope for. Another door was opening. Perhaps, this was what Hye-seong's father thought.

Soon, a private bar located in Hotel Seoin's sky lounge was decided as their rendezvous point. The one who appeared, was Samuel Seo, the executive director of Seoin Holdings.

Hye-seong was surprised to see Samuel  in flesh. The man who was at the top of the food chain was uncannily handsome with






piercing eyes. It was not a secret that he was the practical ruler of Seoin Group, despite his young age.

Instead of drinking from his wine glass, Samuel  chain-smoked. Feeling uptight and nervous, Myung-jae Jin initiated the conversation.


"We will accept your previous conditions. Let's proceed with disposal procedures."

"Previous conditions? ? Aha!"

Slowly, Samuel  tapped the ash off his cigarette, intensifying the tension.

"Excuse me, but that is a 'previous' condition, not the latest."

Silence descended. Hearts stifled, the pair was finding it hard to even breathe.

Wiping his brows, the elderly man managed to speak.

"What do you mean?"

"What I mean is, you are not in a position where you can demand or suggest something to me."




As a man his son's age humiliated him, Myung-jae's face turned red. He was seething within.

"Then why did you want to see me?"

"Because I have a proposal."

With a cigarette in his mouth, Samuel's lips twisted, emanating a cold aura.





"And what do you propose?" Myung-jae asked diffidently.

Looking straight into Myung-jae's eyes, Samuel  stubbed his cigarette out. He took a moment, it heightened the anxiety before dropping the bomb. Then, his cold voice sounded.

"Mr. Jin, what if I date your daughter?"



<- Flashback Begins ->

The quiet room turned quieter, the anxious father and son were flabbergasted.

What's he talking about?!

Myung-je and Hye-seong exchanged a befuddled look, unable to understand what Samuel  meant. They'd thought of a million things that this man could demand, but when he did open his mouth he threw them into utter confusion.

Did he just say that he would like to date Hye-yeon? Myung-je mumbled to himself, still trying to grasp for the last straws of sense.


As hard as the words were to digest, his curiosity got the better of him. He swallowed hard, took a deep breath, and carefully spoke.

"Hye-yeon? Have you ever met Hye-yeon before?"

They lived in a different world, moved in completely different circles, he wondered how their paths had crossed. He was more inclined to believe that the Hye-yeon in question was a namesake and someone else altogether.

"Yes. At H University Art Hall's opening ceremony. She is such a talented lady."

That was the second jolt of the day. His eyes widened to their limits at the appreciation his no-good daughter was garnering.

"? She is?" His tone didn't veil his skepticism.

With a tilt of his head, Myung-je questioned Samuel  again.






"What do you mean by dating her? You mean you would like to get married to her?"

Samuel  chuckled, his eyes looked at him in ridicule.

"You can be so greedy, Mr. Jin. Let's not skip steps. How audacious of you to want me to become your son-in-law? Do you really think you can handle it?

Embarrassed, Myung-je stared at the young man in front of him. This man was cold-hearted, he was destined to rule the near future. He was a rising star, while the Jins a falling star. And he didn't spare them any courtesy in pinpointing the fact.

Hye-seong could not hide his embarrassment as well. He's flushed, at the same time angry at being humiliated as such. But what could he do?


Watching the father and son's discomfiture, Samuel  was satisfied. He continued.

"Mr. Jin, I know what you are well-known for. I've heard stories about you. They say you get everything for your business partners, no matter what they want. Money, drugs, girls?The problem is, I don't need money. I obviously am more affluent than you. Drugs are not my thing, but I could be interested in girls."

This time Myung-je was quick to grasp where the other was pointing at. He simply looked at the man, knowing there was more to come.


Taking his time, Samuel  slowly and calmly delivered his offer.

"If your daughter were to come in the package, Seoin Group might be interested in Hotel Jinseong."

Even before the father had reacted, the youth stood up in anger.





"Come in the package? Are you mad? Money isn't everything, you jerk." He didn't care how powerful the other was, he couldn't take it anymore.


What kind of crazy freak is he?

Hye-seong kicked his chair to vent his aggression for he could not strangle the man.

"Sit!" A terse tone put a halt to his frenzy spree.

"Father, we don't need to listen to this asshole." He raised his voice, red with rage.

He was done with this man, it's a question of his sister after all. She was not a commodity for trade!

One brusque glance and Myung-je had restrained his agitated son. Unlike his son, he knew not to wear his heart on his sleeve.

Just by the look in his eyes, Hye-seong could instantly discern his conniving father's intention. Astonishingly, his father was weighing up the price of his daughter! What kind of a man was he?!

It was no secret that Hye-yeon was the thorn on his side, his despair. In his eyes, aside from her beauty, she had no redeeming qualities. She was a wastrel, squandering his hard-earned money bringing nothing but trouble in return. As if it wasn't enough, in order to live up to his "expectations", she also fooled around with any and all kinds of guys she could lay hands on. He'd gone all out to discipline her, to the point of threatening to cut her loose? and yet, she was far from it. So, now that his daughter was of some

"use", would he pass on the opportunity? And that too in such dire circumstances?









Still, it was unacceptable to Hye-seong. No matter what, no father would sell his own daughter. Why even the vicious tiger wouldn't devour its young ones!

"Father!" His voice was a mixture of wrath, indignation, and helplessness.

Even so, the old man turned him a blatant blind eye and an air-tight deaf ear. He ground his teeth, glowered at his son and barked.


"I. Said. Sit. And. Shut. Up."

With that Myung-je ignored his son and his antics and turned to Samuel . He leveled his gaze, neither haughty nor humble.

"How much will you pay?" he asked, his tone as if he was trading an object.

Hye-seong sank in despair, he knew there was no turning back now. His beast of a father was set to wolf down his offsprings.

A hint of a smile appeared on Samuel's lips. All along, he had been quietly watching the goings-on between the duo. He wasn't surprised by the outcome, had he not known how 'ethical' President Jin was, he wouldn't be sitting here in the first place. His son was still living in Utopia it seems.



"I'll decide on it once I talk to Ms. Jin. Her decision is critical in this kind of agreement."

He didn't want to give this foxy old man the satisfaction of calling the shots. He wanted to keep the reins in his hands, lest he were played by the other.

"Let me talk to her. I'll take care of it," Myung-je said hurriedly.







"You have four days, so we can complete the disposal procedure before receivership begins."

"It is not happening!" Hye-seong gave Samuel  a fierce scowl. He wasn't going to let his father and this equally vicious man have their way!


"You never know, Mr. Jin. Seems like your father has already made up his mind."

As if he'd seen something funny, Samuel  laughed sarcastically still looking at the fellow, and then turned on his heels and walked away.


Hye-seong could not swallow his anger, but Myung-je hurriedly heaved himself.

"Let's go to the hotel. Hye-yeon is at the hotel, right?"

"Father!"

"Listen to me, son. This is our chance. She messes around with everyone anyway, and he is not some random dude. It's actually better for her own sake to deal with him. Not only that, do you think In-bae Lee will let us be if we don't pay him back by disposing of the hotel?"



He tried to breathe some sense into his son, they were in no position to pick or choose now, that is if they wished to continue living.


"He's not the only one who's got the length of our foot. We also have something on him. As long as we have the ledger, he can't do anything to us." His son countered.

"It's not about that. I have invested in him for so long. For twenty years, ever since he was a councilman, I have done all the dirty





work like a dog! The next election will make him a governor, then he's going to be the president. I am not going to stop now. Don't you know what it took to get me here? Do you want us to lose everything?"


Hye-seong agonized. Myung-je's voice reminded him of the young days.



Back in college, a young Hye-seong, sick of Myung-je's ambitions and avarice, left his home. But soon, reality slapped him hard and harsh. He realized, without his father's name and wealth, he was nothing. He struggled to find part-time jobs, and when he did find after a long ordeal, what he could make every month was far less than what he used to spend on drinks on a night out. Life on budget brought Hye-seong, with his tail between his legs, back to Jinseong City in just one year.



Hye-seong lowered his head. Although he didn't want his sister to be the sacrificial lamb, he knew the worth of power and money. Compared to living a life of destitution, his sister suffering a year in the hands of the monster was? acceptable.





When Myung-je and Hye-seong abruptly arrived at the Hotel, Yuri greeted them at the reception in mild surprise.

"Mr. Jin," she said, politely.

"Where is Hye-yeon? Why are you here instead of her?" He demanded gruffly.

"Um, that is because, um? Hye-yeon is away for a moment?"

She didn't know what else to say, this was too sudden. Mr. Jin was supposed to be on a business trip, not in the lobby, and least of all looking for his truant daughter!

"For a moment? Then why are you in her uniform?"

His piercing eyes seemed to look right through her, she was intimidated.

At that moment, Hye-seong noticed her uniform and name tag -

'Hye-yeon Jin'. Right then, Samuel's words surfaced in his mind.

Yes. At H University Art Hall's opening ceremony. She is such a talented lady.

H University's opening ceremony?.

One by one, the pieces started to fall in place. Yuri went to H university - Hye-seong recalled the day when he picked her up after school. She said she had an event to attend, and that day was possibly the day that Samuel  referred to.

Hye-yeon and Yuri were so alike in height and silhouette. People often took them as sisters if not cousins. The girls hung out together too and were exceptionally close.





At that moment, the same thought flashed through Myung-je's mind as well.

"Yuri," he said, his stern gaze never once leaving her quivering face.

"Yes, yes sir." She managed to say.

"Have? you? by any chance? attended H University Art Hall's opening ceremony?"

"Yes, I did. Even though I could not make it to the exhibition." She replied honestly.

Something glinted in the father's eyes, and the son clenched his fist.



"I met someone who mistook you for Hye-yeon today. What happened?" Seeing how unsuspecting she was, he prodded.

Yuri sighed, she knew which situation the president was referring to. She had no other choice but to be forthright.

"There was a guest who'd left her belongings in the room, so I entered the room with a master key. However, the new guest checked in while I was in the room. He thought I was Hye-yeon, because of my name tag and I thought it was unnecessary to explain that I am not her. I am very sorry."

Like a dead person, Myung-je's face turned ghastly pale. It was this simple?

"And then, you met him at the opening ceremony?" Disbelief wreathed his eyes.

"I didn't expect to see him there. I didn't correct him because I didn't think I'd ever see him again. Did something happen because of this?"






With a troubled face, Yuri looked at two men in front of her.

Did something happen? Yes, it did and it couldn't be worse.

Having learned all that there was, without a word Myung-je and Hye-seong headed back home in silence. They sat on the bar. This turn of events, mistaken identity? their situation? one by one it played before their eyes.


The silent Myung-je quickly downed a glass of whiskey to calm his nerves.



"Father, we should give up on this plan. He's mistaken Yuri for Hye-yeon."



Hye-seong tried to comfort his father, but Myung-je murmured riddling things after downing two more drinks. A few moments later, he pulled out his cellphone and made a call.

"Get me everything about my driver's daughter. Han."

Hye-seong could not repress his shock. How could he not know what his sly father was up to?! He was trying to stage a fraud!

"Father! What are you doing? Are you?"

"What's the problem? Hye-yeon, Yuri?..it doesn't matter now!" He bellowed.

He'd been given an opportunity to survive, to fight back, and even rise? how could he let it go in vain? Whether it was his daughter or someone else's, if she served his purpose, he would not shy away.

"No, not Yuri. Yuri is?." He was trembling.

Myung-je knew his son all too well. He was too softhearted for his own good. He detested such useless emotions.





"You moron! Do you still have a feeling for her? Didn't I tell you I can't accept her."

<- Flashback Ends ->

A whiskey glass flew, and something flashed before Hye-seong's eyes - darkness shrouded his sight. Hye-yeon's voice brushed the rim of his ear.


"Ewww, I smell alcohol! It's been a year already! You should really stop. By the way, where are the car keys? I need to go see

Yuri now and dad took my keys away. Hey, brother! Where's your key?"

Annoyed by Hye-yeon's constant chattering, he pointed at the drawer. Little did he know it would be the last time he'd see his sister alive.


Two days later, when the police contacted him, what was waiting was a cold corpse of his sister.

She said she was going to see Yuri? to see Yuri?.Yuri?.

Yuri's name incessantly echoed in Hye-seong's mind, stirring his pain. After tossing and turning, he arduously lifted his eyelids. As deep as the pain in his shoulders pierced, as clear as his mind focused on some memories.

I am sorry?

The memory of Yuri became vivid and apparent to Hye-seong again. To him, she was enchanting, even when she turned her back on him. With vacant eyes, he murmured.

"You shouldn't have come back, so I could forget you."








The rain continued until dawn. Samuel  was looking out the window.

One such rainy night, he'd cast a furtive glance on the back of a woman. Quiet and pensive, she seemed to be immersed in looking out of the window. She was oblivious to her surroundings, it appeared only the pitter-patter of the rain and she existed in her world.



What was she thinking about?

That was what he'd asked himself then. That's what he asked even now.



Often, that scene would revisit Samuel . And each time, he wondered what could've been going through her mind in that moment. On a night like this, his own question was unbearable to him. He'd thought he could read Yuri like a book, but in fact, he'd come to realize he knew nothing about her.

Day by day, he had more sleepless nights. He'd experienced insomnia before, but not as bad as now - he reckoned he might need to take sleeping pills.

When another cigarette was lit, the buzzing of his phone broke the dismal silence. There was only one person who would call him this late at night. As if he already knew who the caller was, Samuel  pressed the button without even glancing at the screen.

"Hello"

"Any progress?" Samuel  never bothered with pleasantries and got straight to the brasstacks.

"Well, I think I am going to be on a date with a nurse who happens to work at the clinic Yuri undergoes her therapy. Which means,





we're getting close to her medical records. I've done more research about what Yuri does for a living. She is an assistant to some well-known plastic artist named 'Roy Jean'."

"Assistant?"

"Yes, kind of, like a helper. But you know, some people say assistant, and others say something else. Sponsors and patrons are common in this field. From what I've heard, their relationship is ambiguous. People don't think Yuri is just an assistant to him. This

Roy Jean guy has a reputation of his own. Seems like he turned into a womanizer ever since his wife's passing, and that's why he came to Korea before."

Clenching his fists, Samuel  bit the bullet.

How dare you to find someone else?! By the way, the name sounds familiar- Roy Jean. I must've heard of him somewhere. But where?


While Samuel  was lost in thoughts, Jay brought up something unexpected.

"So here comes the highlight. Do you know where Roy Jean traveled for work with Yuri? I will give you a hint."

"Stop clowning around."

When he detected fury in Samuel's voice, Jay checked himself and hastened his reply.

"All right, all right. You have such a hot temper! The answer is? DaeJin Department Store in Korea? Where Mr. Samuel Seo's fiancée works as a director! What a coincidence, isn't it?"

Jae-won's voice echoed in his mind.







For Hotel Seoin's lobby, what do you think about a piece from

Roy Jean?

He's Korean-American, and the hotshot plastic artist in the States nowadays. Daejin also purchased one of his works recently. I've met with his assistant before, so I can definitely help get in contact with him.

At the hotel, and at the department store - moments he did not care flashed before his eyes.

Subconsciously, his teeth grit and fists clenched.

Darn it, Yuri Han was right in front of him!












Chapter 37.

Little puddles carpeting the streets, rivulets trickling down; by the time it stopped pouring at dawn, the rain had left tangible marks all over the city.

As he drove, Jae-won took a peek at the calendar. It had been two days since his encounter with Yuri. Two days since the dinner; in other words, handing over the business card.

In general, the women Jae-won flirted with contacted him in two days - they usually took one day to explore his personality and background through their own means and spent another playing hard-to-get. But it would all end up the same way: them calling him.



Will she contact me?

It's certainly not the first time that Jae-won had taken fancy to a woman. That said, she certainly wasn't the first to have his business card either.


However, it was most definitely a first that this hotshot was a nervous wreck waiting for her call. Women would surely call him back, and in those rarest of the rare cases of no contact, he was totally unaffected. Moreover, there was no end to the women constantly expressing their interest in him, and as such, Jae-won Lee shall want for nothing.



Even so, this time was different. Didn't they say three coincidences are proof of destiny? And, Yuri seemed like destiny to Jae-won.

Why not? They'd already had three coincidences - first at Si-yeon's office, second at Seohwadang, and the last at Hotel Seoin.

Ever since having a conversation with this attractive woman, Jae-won had found her so enchanting that she had been occupying





his every waking and non-waking thought. The rumor that she already had a man, was obviously disregarded. Indeed, Yuri gave him the screaming habdabs.

If she doesn't contact me, should I visit her studio in New York City in the winter holiday season? No, no, I'd look too desperate.

While Jae-won mulled over the ways to approach Yuri, his phone in the pocket vibrated. It was his secretary, Choi.

"Mr. Lee , where are you?"

Jae-won sensed a note of urgency from the voice across the telephone.

What has happened?

Jae-won checked the time. It's 7 a.m. Since he had a meeting to attend that morning, he was already on his way.

"I've already arrived at the hotel. I just need to get off."

"Please come quickly. Quickly!"

Instead of being reassured, the voice turned tenser.

"What? Why?"

He got out of the car wondering what had happened. When he entered the lobby, Secretary Choi, who had been biting his nails from anxiety, dashed to Jae-won.

"What took you so long, Mr. Yoon! I have been waiting for you!" He cried.






Jae-won instinctively straightened his spine, he had never seen his secretary as nervous as now. It must be something serious that put this man on tenterhooks.

"What is it? Did something happen?" he asked.

"Um?"

Choi hesitated for a moment, lowered his voice as if the matter was top-secret. Well, his mood was contagious, Jae-won too became serious.

"Director Samuel Seo is waiting for you in the office." He whispered.

Like a popped balloon, Jae-won's anxiety dissipated immediately. He looked blankly at his subordinate.

What's the big deal about Samuel's visit? He often comes to the office.



Uncomprehending his secretary's fuss, Jae-won continued.

"So what? He comes over often."

"But? but it's different this time! I was scared to death." He felt wronged at his boss' apathy.

"You are always afraid of him, anyway!" Jae-won replied flatly and continued walking to his office. He should have known better! His secretary was particularly scared of the top boss.

"So, when did he come?" he asked.

"I? I don't know."

Jae-won stopped. What the?? His secretary came to work before 7 a.m. every day!






"I checked in as usual, and he was already sitting in your office."

When he had come in, Choi was startled at Samuel's abrupt arrival at such an ungodly hour, and in trice called his boss.

Oh, Lord!

Slowly the gravity of the situation sank in, Jae-won turned pale as ashes.



"You should have called me right at that moment!" He blamed his secretary for his negligence. Who knows how long that man had been waiting for, and what brought him here!

"I also thought he just came in to say hi in the beginning?" Choi hurriedly explained. The devil hadn't said a word up until now, how was he to discern his intentions?

"Did he just sit there and wait for me?"

Jae-won was puzzled at his cousin's behaviour. He should have called him, if not have his secretary call him. So far there was no matter that he could think of, that needed his presence and certainly not at such an early hour in the day.

"No, I wouldn't have made such a fuss if he'd just sat and waited for you. He was looking for something."

"Looking for what?" Jae-won couldn't mask his surprise.

"Well, I don't know. He wouldn't tell me."

Choi was a subordinate's subordinate. There was no way he could ask the other what he was up to; nor was the other obligated to tell him.











"So, are you telling me, you just let him be and left the office, so he could find whatever he wanted?" He was miffed.

"I was so scared. I was scared to death." Choi justified his actions.

This idiot! He should have stayed there no matter how scared he was!



Jae-won had to restrain himself from yelling at his secretary. He quickly started surmising why Samuel  visited him so early in the morning. In terms of career and private life, Jae-won had been a good boy so far and had not done anything to agitate his cousin. The last time they met, things were normal too.

"I've been behaving well recently, right?" He wanted to reaffirm lest he'd overlooked something.

"Yes. You were such a good boy." His secretary was quick to supply, in a rather comical way.

After getting off the elevator, Jae-won stood in front of the office door. He was anxious to enter his own office. He took a deep breath and nodded at his secretary to open the door. He couldn't dawdle any longer now.









A pall of smoke wafted through the dimly lit room. A stench was so strong that one would be dazed just by a whiff of it.

The duo coughed, eyes burned. As they gradually started to make things out through the dense cigarette fog, they saw Samuel  sitting in the middle with one between his lips.

There had always been a savage aura about that man. If he hadn't known him since childhood, Jae-won would have long been scared to death. Nevertheless, his heart was racing at the eerie sight before him. He cleared his throat in a bid to muster courage.

"Oh, hey. How long have you been waiting?" He tried to sound as calm as possible.

Samuel  slowly glanced at Jae-won and stubbed the cigarette into the teeming ashtray. When Jae-won wondered who brought the ashtray to his office, his secretary pointed at himself, winking, well aware of his line of thoughts. He sighed inwardly, at least his secretary had not been totally useless this morning, else his office would have been a pile of cigarette buds.

"What time is it?" A cold voice rang.

"Seven Thirty." Answered a meek one.

"Ok, then I must have waited about two hours," said he nonchalantly.

For the love of God, two hours?! From 5:eo in the morning?!

Samuel , as far as he knew, hated waiting, and the number of cigarettes that he smoked was in proportion to the depth of this agony. Simply put, if Samuel  spent two hours in an empty office,







filling up the entire space with cigarette smoke, something must have happened!

Jae-won jolted to his senses, quickly snatched the ashtray in front of him, handing it to his secretary. Then he rushed to open the window as he could not tolerate the thick smoke and gloomy air effusing his office.


"You should stop smoking. You'd actually quitted before. I know you're a heavy smoker, but this is too much!"

"Perhaps, soon."

What does he mean by that? Perhaps?! Soon?!

With his head tilted, Jae-won sat in front of Samuel , pretending to be calm, but his shaky voice gave him away.

"You could have just called me or come to my place. Someone would have prepared a jaw-dropping breakfast for you." He tried to cool the air, more so his nerves.

"I wanted to find something."

It's only now that Jae-won realized the mess in his office. Every drawer was recklessly opened, the documents scattered across on the floor, and his desk was at its own war.

God, help me!

Jae-won felt delirious. After taking a few deep breaths, he took out words.



"In case you were wondering, I don't keep a ledger in secret, nor do I have a safe in disguise. I don't know what you heard from whom, but I will never betray Seoin Group. I swear to god."








"That's good to know. But that's not what I was looking for."

Dumbfounded, Jae-won was at a loss for words. Samuel  pointed at the document in front of him on the table - It was Roy Jean's résumé and portfolio which was a part of Hotel Seoin's new exhibition project proposal.

Why did he look for that?

"Didn't you say you met his assistant?"

Samuel's question interrupted his thoughts.

"Yes, I did. We went out for dinner a couple of days ago. What about it?"

This whole thing was getting more and more confusing, he was at a loss.



"You went out with her?"

Samuel's sharp eyes were stuck at his face.

Appalled, Jae-won tried to read what is on his cousin's mind. With his straight face and monotonous tone, it was hard to read Samuel's real intentions. Honestly speaking, Jae-won could tell he was angry but did not know why.

Jae-won confessed. "I think I have a thing for her. Don't worry, I'll draw a clear line between business and my private life," he said trying to appease.

Immediately, Samuel's face turned stone-cold. As if something triggered him, he blurted out.

"You should forget about it."









What?!

Jae-won was about to confront him, but one look at Samuel's fierce eyes, and he was rendered speechless. He could sense a weird blend of smile and pain from him.

Even after Samuel  left the office, Jae-won was still left with a strange feeling. The man had interrogated him as if his lover had cheated on him with Jae-won.

What is happening?

While sweeping his face, something came to Jae-won's realization.

You went out with her?

Did I ever mention Roy Jean's assistant is a woman?



Leaning on the window, Yuri organized her thoughts with a cup of coffee in her hand.

I need to remember my past.

When she came back to her hotel room from the payphone booth, it poured. Maybe because of the sound of raindrops or maybe because of her deep thoughts, she could not fall asleep.

After long contemplation, Yuri concluded one thing- the year that she has forgotten, is not just another year. She could not remember a thing about it, but she could fathom the frightful fear that it concealed.














After tossing and turning all night long, she left her bed when she received approval from Daejin Department Store's new exhibit.

Installation was planned on the same morning.

Yuri put on a beige blouse, a black long skirt, and a trench coat. When she was done getting ready, she pushed a call button on her phone on the vanity.

"Is everything going fine, Yuri?"

Roy sounded astonished and worried at the same time as it had been a while that she talked to him. She asked after him first.

"I just wanted to know how you are doing. I also have something to talk about. How's work going?"

"It's going well. Talking about myself, I've been doing not-so-well. It's been raining cats and dogs here. What about Seoul?"

Unlike Yuri, Roy detested rain.

"We're installing the Heart of Apollo today." She reported.

"Yes, I got the news. I also received the report that it arrived in Korea without any damage. Work is almost done, right?"

"Yes. So? I think I am going to stay in Korea for a bit after I'm done with work."

A heavy silence hovered over the phone. Yuri patiently waited for

Roy's answer. After a short sigh, Roy asked.

"Why did you make that decision?"

"I want to regain my memories."











Yuri brought up what she thought about last night when the rain poured. Finding her memories was what she had been intentionally avoiding for the past four years.

In the beginning, she'd tried her best to regain her lost memories.

From counseling, medication, to even hypnotherapy, she had made every attempt. What welcomed her instead, were serious side effects, and she was labeled a "habitual attempted suicide patient".


After that, she did not put any effort into regaining her memories. Thinking what was lost was lost, she comforted herself. It was regrettable that she could not remember the death of her father, but she did not want to risk anything anymore just to find her memories.



However, ever since she came back to Korea, the pieces of her memories came back and told her there was more to the year she lost. From Hyeon-ah Kim to her subconscious arrival at Hotel Seoin, she could not ignore any of that anymore. If it was about the deaths of her loved ones, she needed to know more. It was time to face her demons no matter the cost, she was done running away.

This time, she was resolute.





























After the lull, the person on the other side spoke up.

"How did you come up with that idea?"

Roy was under the impression he knew Yuri well enough by now. Considering the time he had spent with her, her decision appeared genuinely out of character to him. If there was one thing she feared, it was confronting her memories. Even the times she'd recalled by chance were torturous, let alone seeking it upfront. He had borne witness to it all- the dread, agony, and helplessness. So, this was truly shocking to him. Though the outcome was abrupt, he knew something must have affected it.



On the other hand, Yuri knew her words had thrown Roy into a conundrum. She knew what he was thinking. However, she couldn't just bring herself to confide in him. For reasons unknown to herself, she hesitated to confess her recent findings -most of all, about the death of her friend, Hye-yeon.



She shook her head as if doing so would clear things. Everything was still vague-her father's death, the ten days she went missing, and the man who was relentlessly in search of her. These were the missing pieces of the puzzle she'd been avoiding to solve. Hidden deep in the recesses of her mind, it had provoked and tormented her time and again, refusing to let her be, driving her to the point of death and back. Now, it had chosen to resurface in full view, albeit in traces as if challenging her for a duel.



"Roy? Images I can't make sense of keep popping in my head . I think they're related to my lost memories, but it's difficult to explain." She pursed her lips before she went on. "But one thing is clear for sure, I think I've forgotten something I shouldn't have."









Even as she said that Yuri was unsure if she had really lost something that she mustn't forget, or if she was trying to recollect something she mustn't remember. However, these images were incessantly haunting her. She was at a stage where she couldn't ignore them let alone get rid of them.

"What is it?" asked a perplexed voice.

"I don't know what it is, but flashbacks come every once in a while. I'm sure it will make sense over time."

It wasn't clear who her words were trying to reassure, her or her listener. She wasn't sure if they would make sense like she'd said, because right now, although she was determined to face them, she wasn't sure if she had the required courage.

Silence hung in the air once again. With a heavy heart, Roy eventually spoke?

"Do you have a place to stay?"

"I am looking for a place available to rent for a short while only. I will let you know once I find out more about it."

It would be inconvenient for her to stay in a hotel, so she had decided on this recourse.

"Will you be ok doing everything all alone?"

"Don't worry. I am taking my meds regularly, and paying attention to myself. It won't take that long."

Her last sentence was more of a hunch than an actual fact. For some reason, she could feel that it was close. She didn't know the whys and hows, but she knew the series of inexplicable events would bring her to the answers and sooner.







After the call with Roy, she put her phone back into the purse and checked her makeup one more time. Eventually, her eyes gravitated to the ivory business card on the vanity table.

Hotel Seoin, Director Jae-won Lee.

If it is ok with you, can you give me a call before you go back to the States?

He was a well-mannered man, equipped with a kind face. He seemed like a guy who would have no dearth of admirers: good-looking, rich and capable, a man of every woman's dream. But Yuri did not feel any chemistry with him. She appreciated his favor but did not want to get personally involved with him. It was better to make a clean cut while she still could.

She picked up the card, tore it up bit by bit before depositing the remains into the nearby trash can.



It was a busy morning at Daejin Department Store, and especially so for Director Yoon.

Si-yeon had received word that the installation was completed. All that remained now was for her to make a personal trip for inspection.


She was about to step out of her office and head to the lounge to take a look when she stilled at the sight of the oncoming person. Not just her, even Secretary Kim beside her stood wide-eyed.

A dapper Samuel  was standing at the door. It wasn't like he had never visited here, but this time it was particularly different. He'd arrived unannounced- forget a phone call, not even his secretary was accompanying him! Of course, the two women would be dazed.







What's going on? As she thought, Secretary Kim quickly shot up from her seat, bowed to Samuel  before indirectly querying.

"Good morning, Director Seo. How can I help you?"

"I would like to talk to her." His reply was succinct.

Of course, that would be his reason. But the question was, what did he want to talk about?

Si-yeon stared at the man, trying to read his intention. Even after keenly observing, she could not find a single clue. His face was impassive, voice monotonous. If it was work-related, he would have been accompanied by his secretary. Considering their relationship, even if they were set to be married, they were more business associates than lovers.

So, what does he want?

It seemed like Si-yeon would be clueless as long as the man did not take the initiative to divulge.

"Well, please come in." Si-Yeon opened her office door, allowing him in.



"Could you wait for a moment? We just installed a new exhibit in the VIP lounge, I need to confirm if everything is ok for the last time.

It won't take long?"

However, Samuel  seemed to have no inclination to enter the office, as he remained rooted to the ground.

"Aren't you coming in?" Si-yeon wondered what this man was up to.



"I will come with you. I would like to see it as well." He replied.









"What?!"

She was shocked by his reply. Since when did this 'dour being' develop an interest in the goings-on at her office?

"I want to see the Heart of Apollo." Seeing her blank face, he emphasized.

The director and her secretary stared at him, mouth agape in disbelief.

Samuel  did not even give them room to answer, he strode ahead and simply pushed the button and summoned the elevator.

As discreetly as she could, Si-yeon ordered her secretary to figure out what was up with this man. Secretary Kim, who'd planned on the same, quickly texted his secretary and asked why his boss was at their office.


Waiting for the elevator, Si-yeon reinitiated the conversation.

"I didn't know you were interested in the Heart of Apollo. Do you know Roy Jean?" As she spoke she looked at him, in case he gave away something.

"Yes, but not for long." He replied flatly, immersing the other further into the guessing game.

"So, you've only heard about him recently?" Si-yeon asked as the elevator reached them, and the doors slid open.

Entering first, Samuel  leaned against the furthest wall in the back. The two ladies followed shortly after. Kim pushed the button for the VIP lounge.


"Jae-won mentioned he's been planning to purchase Roy Jean's pieces for Hotel Seoin's lobby." He eventually explained.






"All right, that's why you came."

They'd finally understood the reason behind his abrupt arrival, albeit finding it a little strange. But this man was never known to behave conventionally.

"Is Roy Jean here?" he asked.

"No, he's not here," she said in a relaxed manner.

"Why? It is such an important and expensive project. He should be here."



"He had prior commitments in Japan. I was in a hurry, so the installation was managed by his assistant." She explained.

"Ok, then she must be alone." Samuel  mumbled in a low voice.












































Who is alone?

Si-yeon stared at Samuel's reflection on the doors of the elevator.

He was flippantly reclined against the wall, his deep orbs void of emotions, his chiseled face stone cold. Even though they were conversing, she felt as though he was not here. He behaved as if they belonged in different worlds.

The doors opened, Samuel  was the first one to walk out. Si-yeon found she could not take her eyes off his back.

Taking this opportunity of this momentary privacy, Kim leaned in and whispered into Si-yeon's ears.

"Director Seo's secretary also does not have any idea. He said Mr. Seo did not even show up to the office today."

"What?!" she asked in surprise.

Secretary Kim winced at her volume and brought a finger to her lips.



"Shhh? He might hear us."

Suddenly, Samuel  stopped and turned back towards them.

"Let me make a call before we go in."

Without waiting for a response, he went outside to the terrace garden.

Tilting her head, Si-yeon then entered the lounge first.

The newly remodeled interior of the VIP lounge was exquisite and held a somewhat enigmatic aura. The high ceilings and the blue







lighting overhead were reminiscent of the deep ocean and its abyss. Located at the heart of this mystic space, was Heart of Apollo.


As they saw them enter, the employees bowed towards Si-yeon and her secretary. A few steps away was Yuri, recording the installation of the piece with her tablet. When she sensed Si-yeon approaching, she lifted her head and greeted her.

"Oh! Hi Ms. Yoon." She greeted jovially.

Si-yeon's eyes glinted in satisfaction at the design before her.

"This is beyond my expectation! The lounge and the Heart of Apollo complement each other spectacularly!" She didn't hold back on her compliments.

"I agree with you." Yuri put a soft smile on her face.

The deal was fair for both parties involved, and she was proud to present the work, in which a great amount of effort had been invested in by her. She had always felt a sense of accomplishment when her work was to her satisfaction, the client's praises were merely the cherry on the topping.



Looking closely at the Heart of Apollo, Si-yeon seemed to realize something.

"I didn't realize it when I saw it for the first time in New York? But this piece somehow reminds me of you. Are you the inspiration?" she asked.


"No, I am not." Yuri laughed sheepishly.

"Really? Hasn't anyone told you that the piece resembles you?" Si-yeon asked. She couldn't believe no one had pointed out the obvious yet!







Yuri gazed at the Heart of Apollo. She had recorded and taken pictures of it numerous times, but she had never quite considered who the inspiration behind it was. But saying that she was the inspiration seemed too far fetched for her.

Nah, it must be someone else- Roy's late wife, perhaps. After all, he still wears the wedding ring.

Yuri shook her head.

"I am not the muse. It's someone else." She replied confidently.

"Oh, yes?" Si-yeon didn't seem to believe her.

"Perhaps the resemblance stems from Roy's environment. Artists are always influenced by their surroundings. I do spend a lot of time with Roy as an assistant."

What Yuri said was not over the top. Many famous works were a fruit of the most unexpected source of inspiration. And since she herself was an artist, her explanation sounded logical.

"Aha, that makes sense."

Si-yeon didn't continue the topic and shifted her attention to admiring the work. Yuri, on the other hand, was lost in her thoughts.

Truth be told, her words were an extension of her subconscious behaviour. Every time she had picked the brush, she had ended up drawing the man. The man who frequented her dreams. When this could happen to her, why couldn't it happen to Roy who was known to have loved his wife dearly?



As she thought, she was back to the matter that she's preoccupied with. Although she had decided she'd regain her memories, she didn't even know where to begin. But now she did.







The first piece of the puzzle was obviously the man in her dreams. He seemed like a key player in the game of her lost memories. However, she had no clue about his identity or whatsoever. The only thing she knew about him was his face.

At that moment, the shadow of a tall man blanketed in front of Yuri. She unconsciously raised her head towards the source. When her eyes met the face of the stranger, her jaw slightly dropped as her eyes widened to their limits.

"Ho? How??" Yuri stammered, but her voice reached no ears.

It seemed surreal? as if this person had walked right out of her canvas.

When she saw the man from her dreams in flesh and blood, instinctively, Yuri took a step back.

The boundary between reality and dream collapsed, her mind started spiraling- she was shoved into a bottomless chasm unable to distinguish true from false. Due to the dizziness, her vision spun like the doll in the music box. Her hands were robbed of strength, she dropped the tablet in her hands.

Right before it could hit the ground and clatter to the floor, the man in front of her caught it.

"You should be careful, Yuri Han." His cool voice told her.

This low voice? All of a sudden, the air surrounding her felt suffocating -

? Am I in another dream? Is he coming after me? He is going to grab me by the arms, push me against the wall, and force raw and violent intercourse - I have seen this gaze, the gaze of a brute. He will devour me like a beast!







The Si-yeon's voice rescued Yuri before she plummeted into a deeper panic.

"Let me introduce my fiancé, Yuri. Director Samuel Seo from Seoin Group."

Samuel Seo.

Yuri repeated his name in her mind. She did not know this name, nor the man. Her gaze moved from top to bottom as she surveyed the man.


The prominent jaw, audacious lips, aristocratic nose? As though someone had thrown her off a perpendicular cliff, something vertiginous flashed before her eyes when her eyes met his.

She was determined to identify the man from her dreams but did not expect him to appear in such an abrupt way.

"Samuel , this is Yuri, Roy Jean's assistant."

Samuel  introduced himself even before Si-yeon finished her words.



"How do you do, Miss Han. Glad to meet you."

The sound of his voice tugged painfully at Yuri's heartstrings.

Lies, he already knew who she was. He already knew her name.

You should be careful, Yuri Han.

He'd already called her by her name?















Suddenly, the VIP lounge seemed to have plunged into an eerie air. The predator was patiently toying his prey, but the innocent bystander knew not.

Samuel  pretended it was his first-time meeting Yuri, and she decided to go along too. Flashing a faux smile, she handed him her business card.

He took his time taking the card from her, his eyes never leaving her face.

"Yuri Han," he said slow and cold.

As if her entire history was written down on it, Samuel  looked intently at the card in his hand. However, except for her name and phone number, it had nothing else.

Oblivious to the undercurrents, Si-yeon cut in.

"Hotel Seoin too intends to revamp their exhibits, they are interested in Roy Jean's pieces as well. He came along to check our new pieces by Roy." She then turned to the man himself. "What do you think? Do you like them Samuel ?" she asked eagerly.

Samuel  nodded in response.

Another lie!

He claimed to be interested in purchasing art pieces, but not once had he turned to look at the Heart of Apollo since stepping in. The only thing, or person, that Samuel  had ever laid his eyes on was Yuri Han as if she were the sole reason for his visit. One wondered if he was even aware that there existed many pieces of Roy's works in this very room.









Like a finely sharpened knife, his hawkeyes penetrated deep into

Yuri's soul. Cold sweat ran down her spine. Everywhere Samuel  directed his gaze, she felt the burning sensation of a cut? soon her whole body was covered in this sensation.

"Miss Han, is Yuri Han your real name?" Samuel  asked.

"Excuse me?"Yuri was confused. She could not understand what he was getting to.

Staring at Yuri, Samuel  continued. "I think I saw someone once who greatly resembles you. Well, not even that? Who looks identical to you, but I think I remember them having a different name." He feigned forgetfulness, as Yuri's eyes narrowed at him.

What kind of answer does he want from me?

Turning her face away, Yuri's hands fisted at her skirt. She alone knew the sheer grit she had to muster in order not to falter.

"That's interesting, but it is my first time meeting you." She stated determinedly. She didn't waver even as she saw Samuel  nod in mock understanding.

"All right, if you say so." As if he'd heard something funny, Samuel  raised his brows. His gaze never left her, his dark orbs inscrutable.

Behind the brave facade, Yuri was on tenterhooks. She could feel Samuel  was toying with her. The man, his words and penetrating eyes, were wreaking havoc on her nerves. Just when she felt she could not hold in any longer?

? with a final glance, Samuel  turned to face Si-yeon. Right when she thought she was given a lease of respite, the voice set her up for another challenge.









"If you have some spare time today, we should have lunch together. With Yuri as well." He casually suggested.

"That sounds like a plan." Si-yeon agreed excitedly. "Yuri, are you free?"



"I appreciate it, but?"

She was decisively cut mid-sentence.

"I would like to discuss purchase plans over the table."

As Roy Jean's assistant, discussing sales with a possible client on a lunch table was a suggestion Yuri could not easily reject.

Reluctantly, Yuri answered. "Ok? Thank you."

At that moment, the ghost of a smile appeared on Samuel's face.

"Seems like lunch works for Yuri as well."

Si-yeon's secretary, taking the cue, pulled out her cell phone and asked, "I will make a reservation immediately. Director Seo, what would you like?"

"I don't care. You can decide."

Secretary Kim reserved a table at the most popular French restaurant in the mall. The chef had a reputation he gained from his exceptional stint at a two-star Michelin restaurant in France and a hotel as well. Usually reservations needed to be at least a day in advance, but such trivialities did not apply if it was Si-yeon who was calling.



On the way to the restaurant, Yuri's mind delved into her possible relationship with Samuel  in the past.








What was their relationship? How did they know each other?

Associating her dreams to what was in front of her, she presumed it to be something very private and close to the heart. Close enough to warrant sexual and physical intimacy with one another.

But that assumption was only until the moment she realized he was an executive director of Seoin Group.

His identity and social position threw Si-yeon into the crossfire.

Even though she could not recall what happened in her past, in general, it was difficult to draw a connection between an art student with an unimpressive and underprivileged background and a person of the upper echelons of society.

Even when they sat down on the table and opened a menu, Yuri's mind was preoccupied with a snaggle of confusion.

Sitting next to Samuel , who sat across Yuri, Si-yeon stared into

Yuri's face.

"Are you okay, Yuri? You don't look well." She remarked.

"Huh?" Yuri raised her head and blanched, as she caught Samuel's eyes. Was he staring at her the whole time?

"I am all right, just a bit dizzy, but that's not new. It happens sometimes. Thank you for asking." She laughed sheepishly.

Yuri turned her mouth up slightly to be polite. Even then, like a ferocious beast preparing to hunt its prey, Samuel  still did not take his eyes off of her. Enduring his piercing gaze, Yuri reached to the water glass to ease her dry mouth.

As if waiting for an opportune moment, Samuel  finally spoke once more.








"Yuri, how long have you been working as an assistant to Mr. Jean?"

"It's been three years already." She replied softly.

"Three years." Samuel  tapped his long fingers on the table.

A big, strong hand - the hand that opened and caused Yuri's body to shake in her memories? She knew that hand too well. It was the very hand that she's seen in her dreams, leaving burning sensations on her skin.















"I did a little research on Roy Jean's career and found out he fell into a slump for quite some time after his wife's passing. And he happened to reinitiate his work three years ago." Samuel  looked squarely at Yuri as he spoke.

"Excuse me, but I don't understand what you're trying to say."

Indeed Yuri had no idea what this man was insinuating and where the conversation was headed towards. Her senses were on high alert, nonetheless.

"What are assistants usually responsible for?"

"We assist with the creation of work, or whatever needed." She replied plainly.

"Does it include something personal and private? For example, if he needs someone in his bed?"

"Samuel !" Si-yeon exclaimed indignantly, slamming her water glass back on the table at his audacity to suggest such a thing, and shot him a scathing look. "You are being rude. That's such an indelicate question to ask."

He did not reply to Si-yeon, in fact, he ignored her as if she did not exist. Right now, Yuri was the only person worth laying his eyes upon. His eyes were prodding her to offer an answer. His eyes roamed all over her. His glances were burning, cold and passionate at the same time.



Yuri could sense one thing - whatever relationship they had in the past; it definitely did not end well. Samuel  did not try to veil his curious glances towards Yuri in front of his own fiancé. He did not even care if anyone saw him.







The question itself did not surprise Yuri. Roy Jean had a reputation for not hiring a female assistant in the industry.

After he'd separated from his wife by death at a young age, he had pursued his own celibacy for a long time, mourning for his loss. In order to avoid any kind of rumors involving women, he was reluctant to hire any female assistant.

When Yuri was hired as an assistant to Roy Jean as the first female assistant in over ten years, naturally, they became a hot topic for gossip. As a result, she had to repeat the same answer over and over again like a parrot.

"Mr. Jean and I do not share such a personal and intimate relationship. He is simply my boss and teacher."

"A boss and a teacher. I apologize. I was ignorant." Despite the apology, his tone suggested otherwise.

Thankfully, the lunch was served cutting off further conversation. The star chef appeared in front of them as if on a cooking show, explaining the menu of the day next to the table.

House-made cheese, top graded beef, and abalones freshly delivered from the seaside every morning could not impress Yuri. She could not even taste anything, and it seemed so with the man seated before her as well. He looked like he would rather cut, chew, and swallow Yuri than the food.



To cut the tension in the air, Si-yeon started speaking.

"Yuri, other than assisting Roy Jean, do you work on your personal pieces?"

Yuri was thankful for the change in topic. "For the moment, I don't have anything that I am working on my own."






"Why? Actually, the agency told me that there was a piece that inspired the Heart of Apollo, and I heard it was created by you. I was dying to see it, but it was not open to the public."

At that instant, Yuri dropped her fork.

Clink!

The clashing noise of the fork hitting on the ground rang through the air.



"Are you okay?" Si-yeon asked worriedly.

"Oh, I am sorry."

When Yuri tried to pick up the fork, Si-yeon called up a waiter.

"You seem dizzy. You're pale as a sheet!"

Si-yeon's voice was muffled like a drop of paint in water to Yuri's ears. She was panicking. She had not expected to hear anyone mentioning Apollo. The piece that her hands obsessively created, the only piece Yuri had ever created - the inspiration was sitting right in front of her.



Samuel  was Apollo!

She clenched her fists tightly beneath the table, feeling the blood circulation begin to get cut off? she endured with sheer grit and they eventually resumed their meal.

After a long and tense lunch, Si-yeon whispered at Yuri while Samuel  paid for the meal.

"Yuri, I am sorry for what my fiancé said. He's not a rude person, but he's been in a bad mood nowadays because of work. I apologize for him from the bottom of my heart. I am sorry."






Glaring at Si-yeon's glistening diamond ring on her ring finger, Yuri nodded. It was not Si-yeon's fault after all.

"It's ok. I'm not angry. I should leave now, thank you for inviting me." Yuri didn't drag the matter. The one thing she wanted now was to leave and away from the man!

"Of course! Thank you for your work. I hope to see you again.

Please say hi to Mr. Jean for me." Si-yeon had every intention to right the wrong and part on a friendly note.

"Sure. Thank you for hosting me."

When Samuel  finally came out of the restaurant, Yuri said her parting words to him as well.

"Thank you for inviting me. It was a pleasure to meet you." She even rewarded him with another faux smile.

Of course, it was a lie.!

However, one more lie should not be problematic to a conversation which was already covered with rampant lies.

Keeping his straight face, Samuel  nodded back at Yuri.

Yuri turned to the elevator. As soon as she entered, Yuri pressed the lobby and frantically pushed the close button over and over again. She wanted to escape from the place as soon as possible.

I need to get out of here.

Warning bells rang in the back of her mind.

The man with penetrating eyes looked at Yuri like a fierce beast right before biting the neck of its prey. She needed to escape to somewhere safe. She could not think any further.






However, fate betrayed her desperation.

A big hand slid between closing doors. The high-performing elevator's luxurious doors smoothly opened again, revealing the owner of the hand.

The man standing before Yuri, was Samuel .

It was him!


























































 

"That is weird." Si-yeon mumbled to herself, when Kim, her secretary came up beside her.

"What's so weird?" she asked, tilting her head at her boss.

"I meant Samuel . Didn't you find anything weird?" She queried, trying to make sense of what she'd seen.

"You mean, visiting you without notice?"

"That as well, and ?" She trailed off, not voicing her thoughts.

I feel like I was used as an excuse. Or a bait?

A bait ? to bring Yuri to the lunch table.

Si-yeon assumed Samuel  would accompany her back to the office, but he left right after lunch, saying he was under a work schedule.


Samuel's behavior today was utterly new to Si-yeon - he seemed excited and most importantly ? at the lounge and the gallery, his eyes were glued solely on Yuri. For some reason, this woman seemed to know him in person as well.

How do they know each other? Considering their backgrounds and social status, they shouldn't have been able to cross paths, enough to make an impression.

Si-yeon had known Samuel  ever since they were children. Of course, she expected Samuel  to have past relationships before their engagement. However, if he was dating someone currently, it was impossible for her mother to be unaware of it, as she was the one who had insisted on her engagement to Samuel .








"And?" Kim strained her ears to listen to the answer.

An awkward situation, uncomfortable feelings, and an ominous presentiment - What are these pointing at?

After a moment of hesitation, Si-yeon only shook her head. If she were to share her gloomy thoughts with her secretary, it was only a matter of time before her mother, Mrs. Go, would know about it. To be honest, Si-yeon wanted to avoid the fuss her mother would cause once she learned of this, at all costs.

"Nothing special. By the way, where's the Pepcid?" she asked, changing the subject.

"Were there any problems with lunch?"

"No, not really."

Si-yeon downed the pill with water. Dining in an uncomfortable situation usually upset her stomach all the time. And of course, her secretary, who had overseen the woman ever since she was a child, was well aware of it. She could easily sense whenever her boss had troubling thoughts.



"Do you think you can get married to him?" Kim eventually asked.

Si-yeon let out an amused chuckle. She could read her secretary's mind - Kim thought she was so uncomfortable with her own husband-to-be that she could not even dine with him without it upsetting her stomach.


"I have to. That's Mrs. Go's lifelong wish." She answered resignedly.

Si-yeon was seven years old when the woman from her father's past showed up at her house with a boy who was a year older than her. After pointing her fingers fanatically to the boy and his mother, Mrs. Go fainted on site. At that moment, she had been






pregnant with another baby ? A baby that never had the chance to see this world.

It was after that moment that Mrs. Go became another person. The once naïve woman with a soft heart became stone-cold and heartless. Since then, she wished for nothing but one thing - for her daughter, Si-yeon, to rule the Daejin Group. To claim her rightful kingdom from her two older stepbrothers and two younger stepbrothers, her child needed a partner with power. A partner, so powerful and ruthless, that he would eliminate any contestant that her daughter ever had to compete with.



Samuel  ticked all the boxes that Mrs. Go had ever hoped for. And Si-yeon wanted to grant her mother's wishes by all means.

Should I figure out what happened between them? Si-yeon mused to herself.

Si-yeon did not want to be that pathetic woman who secretly did background checks on her fiancé's past, but she was his fiancée and was not open to the thought of any kind of extra-marital affair.


Stroking her bloated stomach absent-mindedly, Si-yeon tapped her temple.



"Wait at the hospital. I'm on the way. She fainted out of blue."

Driving like a madman, Samuel  stroked Yuri's cheek with his free hand. She had collapsed shortly before and lost her consciousness. He suddenly felt a chill run down his body.

He might have to change his plans.










After gathering every bit of her personal information, it was not difficult for him to find her. According to the agency, the Heart of

Apollo's installation was to be completed today, and that was where his prey would be.

He was in no rush to back her into a corner. After all, it was the process of cornering a prey that he liked the best. Taking her back as he wanted would require great patience on his part.

Surprisingly, her reaction at the lunch table was unwaveringly poised. She was clearly agitated by his presence, but she was not afraid, nor did she try to escape from him. Rather, she seemed to have been exploring something.

Was she bold, or was she simply a good actress? Only time would tell.



When he had received a text message reporting everything was prepared, he had begun his hunt. When he slid his hand between the closing doors of the elevator, the woman inside glared at him with wide, frightened eyes. Every step that Samuel  took towards her made her take a step back until there was no more room. Her pupils dilated, filled with fear.

Yes, that's how I like it. That's the fun part of hunting. He thought maliciously to himself.

Samuel  unhurriedly entered the elevator and pushed the close button. As the doors slid close, the thin air in the small elevator started to suffocate both Yuri and him. She instinctively dropped her gaze and desperately tried to compose herself.

Stuffing his hands in his pockets, Samuel  leaned against a wall before her. From head to toe, he kept his predatory eyes on her.

Yuri trembled and broke into a cold sweat.







His eyes traced the drops of sweat on her neck, he reminded himself of the first thing on the list he wanted to do for a long time- licking her lean and slender neck, much like a snake would.

To have her taste flood his tongue once more ?

"Let's stop playing games."

Samuel  reached his hands and snatched her by the waist.

Fatigued, Yuri's knees buckled, and she eventually passed out.















The limp woman in his arms was notably skinny. Four years ago, Yuri was lean, but she was not as skinny as a stick that would break by a snap.

Does she even eat at all?

Jay's voice flitted through his mind.

"She has already attempted suicide a few times."

Is it related to her mental issues?

As Samuel  held Yuri in his arms, a violent and compelling appetite surged from deep within that it devoured the rest of his rationality. The appetite that he had lost for quite some time - the desire to hold her and taste every bit of her, suddenly surged in him. Unconsciously, his grip on her tightened.

When they arrived at Seoin Hospital, Jin-ho was already waiting for them by the entrance.

Jin-ho, an internist, immediately made to move the stretcher. To Samuel , he not only considered him as an employee but also a good friend.


But instead of placing her on a gurney, Samuel  carried Yuri in his arms all the way to a private ward. Surprised, Jin-ho only took a bag from the man's hand and followed without a word.

Like his brother Jin-wook, who had known Samuel  for over twenty years, Jin-ho had also known him for a long time. However, Jin-ho had never seen Samuel  treating anyone else with such possessiveness.











Jin-ho grimaced at the unconscious woman in Samuel's arms. She seemed like someone who was weak. She was tall but very skinny. And even though her eyes were closed for the moment, he could tell she was beautiful.

"Who is this?" he asked.

Gently laying Yuri on the bed in the private ward, Samuel  answered. "Mine."

"What? Then what about your fiancée?" Jin-ho asked incredulously.

Regardless of their close friendship, Jin-ho was well aware of the line drawn between them. Without an extra word, he briefly examined the woman in front of him before he prepped her up for an IV.


"Psychological shock from abrupt stress. She seems weak. If you want, I can run some further tests to examine her health in detail."

"I see."

Psychological shock? That's not good. Samuel  crossed his arms.

After shooting the man a quick, narrowed stare, Jin-ho finally left the ward.

About half an hour later, Yuri groaned, her eyes still closed. As if she were suffering from something excruciating, she tossed and turned on the bed. She shrieked from fear, before bolting awake and letting out a gasp.

"Are you okay?" Samuel  lowered himself to her level to check.

Blinking her eyes in anxiety, she rushed into his arms.









"I am sorry, I am sorry."

Samuel  flinched.

Ever since he had started tracking Yuri and discovered her real identity, Samuel  enjoyed guessing what her first words were going to be, numerous times. Would she be surprised? Afraid? Would she panic? However, an apology was not one of his many assumptions.



Clinging onto his jackets, Yuri rested her cheek on his chest. A strange feeling clambered up Samuel . Just for her, he had prepared a long list of vengeance, yet his resolve quickly crumbled at this moment.


Patiently, Samuel  had come up with well-planned revenge, and

Yuri's first words mysteriously unarmed him. Well, a ward is an inappropriate place to share the happiness of a long-waited reencounter.

Samuel  chuckled coldly and put his hands over her shoulders to pull her apart from him gently, as to not startle her. At that moment, Yuri opened her lips.

"Roy." She gasped out in a breathy voice.

As if doused in ice, Samuel's face hardened as he heard the name come out of her lips.

Damn you! How dare you call another man's name in my arms?!

Samuel  breathed in, trying to rein in his temper a thousandfold, to try not to grip her throat; instead, he only seized her shoulders in a fit of deep-seated anger.










Her shoulders hurt. When she lifted her eyelids, the first thing that came into Yuri's blurry vision was a man. Next to him was another man in a white gown. He seemed like a doctor.

She soon realized that she was at the hospital. Yuri could not see the man's face, but she could easily visualize the look on his face.

He would have a sad, concerned, and a perplexed look, as it always had been for the past three years.

"Are you okay?"

"I am sorry, I am sorry."

Over and over again, Yuri had been repeating the same thing tediously, but he deserved an answer to it. She wanted to explain to him that she did not mean to die this time. A deep sigh would come out between his lips.

In regret, Yuri called his name.

"Roy."

However, this time was different. The man's face contorted in displeasure. As if he was going to crumple her like a flimsy piece of paper, the man grabbed her shoulders with brute force.

Yuri grimaced her face in pain.

"Roy?"

"And you claim that he's just a boss and a teacher?" The man spat at her in disdain.

The man's callous voice fell over her head, freezing every part of her body. Like parting clouds, her consciousness cleared the haziness away, and soon she zeroed in on the actual man before her.








Roy was not a smoker - but this man smelled like cigarettes. Every fiber of his body exuded masculinity all over her. Yuri relaxed her grips on his arms and looked up.

Her confused eyes met the man's - incensed, his eyes were ablaze.

"Look at me, look at me in the eyes. Can you see who I am now?!"

He demanded.

Frightened, Yuri turned ashen and tried to wriggle free from his arms.



"H-How ? Why ?" she asked shakily, as she tried to yank herself away from him in panic. His grip only tightened at her resistance, as he sneered at her ?

"Don't you remember? You passed out in the elevator."

Slowly, Yuri traced her vague memory. She got into the elevator, and he followed her. Her head started hurting and cold sweat ran through her back. His entry was the last thing she could remember.



Yuri began to tidy up herself. "If you helped me when I fainted ?"

With furious eyes, Samuel  cut off her words.

"Why did you disappear four years ago?!"

Yuri froze at his question.

Four years ago?

His question shook Yuri. This man was indeed part of her lost memories.







But How? Why?


  











After taking a few deep breaths, Yuri opened her lips again.

" I? I don't remember you."

Samuel  smirked coldly. "Are you telling me that you don't remember a thing? If that's your only excuse, come on, that's not fun."


"I am serious! The only thing that I know about you is that you are Director Yoon's fiancé and that's it. I was just introduced to you."

She appeared incredulous, her eyes wide in shock.

"Don't give me that crap. I am not in the mood to play games." He sniggered.

"I am not trying to play anything! I do not have any memory ?"

BANG!

Samuel  slammed the bedhead with his fist. Because of the deafening noise, Yuri covered her ears and closed her eyes. He reached out his hand and twisted her hair with his fingers.

"I hate wasting my time. We have a lot to talk about from now on."

The voice falling down her ears sounded excited. Contrary to his heated voice, his eyes sunk to the abyss. Is it how being eaten by a beast feels like? She could only breathe and glare at him.

What created the fracture in suffocating silence in the ward was Samuel's phone inside his jacket. He checked the name on the screen, and in an annoyed voice, answered the call.

"Didn't I tell you not to call me today?"









An anxious voice hurriedly murmured that the chairman had summoned Samuel  through the phone. While the man answered the phone, Yuri pulled out the IV needle on her arm.

I hate it, I hate these needles. She was disgusted with the same repetitive situation where the fluid entered her body through the needle whenever she woke up in the hospital.

"I will come in soon. Buy some time, I am nearby."

After the phone call, Samuel  spoke to Yuri in a commanding tone.

"Come see me when I call you."

"That's not going to happen." She replied flatly.

"It is going to happen."

When Samuel  left the ward, Yuri quickly got off the bed, put on her jacket, and tidied herself. Her shoulders were still hurting, and her hands trembled. She struggled to pack her bag as she rubbed her shoulders in a bid to soothe herself. At that moment, the door opened, and the doctor entered the ward.

Yuri quickly noticed his name tag on his chest. Seoin Hospital, Internist Jin-ho, Jeong.

Jin-ho approached Yuri. "Did you get hurt?"

"No, I think I just bumped into something and it hurts a little bit."

She lied through her teeth.

"Do you have any medical conditions or medications that you take?"



"No."











Yuri intentionally shook her head. She did not want to speak a word. Since she was at Seoin Hospital, everything she said to the doctor would reach Samuel , from which medicine she took, to how her condition was. She did not want him to have any information about her.



"Ok. So I am going to check your blood pressure and run a brief blood test ?"

Test? Immediately, Yuri waved her hands. "No, no need for the tests. I have been tired for the past few days. I didn't sleep well as usual. I think I am okay now."

"But ?"

"Actually, I have some urgent things to take care of. I need to go."

Since Yuri refused flatly, Jin-ho only shrugged his shoulders.

"All right then, please take a good rest when you go home. I would still like to recommend you get tested. You have a bad complexion."


"I will see. How can I pay?" she said.

"Oh, don't worry about it. It's already taken care of. You can just leave."

It must be Samuel . Yuri concluded while opening her bag again to put her wallet back into the purse. It was not that she realized something that she did not notice before.

"Um, is this everything?"

"Yes, that's everything we have. The person who brought you passed it to us"







Her tablet was gone! It was not in her purse anymore. Only then did she realize what Samuel  meant when he said, 'it is going to happen'.


"Bastard!" Yuri clenched her teeth.

When she came back to her hotel room, Yuri searched Samuel Seo, executive director of Seoin Group. An Asian Games gold medalist at trap shooting, and the successor of Seoin Group which included eight subsidiaries. The man who had everything by birth, and also destined to have more in the future.

Staring at the picture of Samuel  on her screen, Yuri dwelled on her current situation. Her dreams, and his attitude. From what she could assemble through his reactions, she could vaguely assume what their prior relationship could have been in the past. But judging from his untoward reaction to her, their relationship could be something more serious than a fling. She frowned.

By the time I lost my memories, I was dating Hye-seong, wasn't I?

When she came back to Jinseong City after being almost hustled out of her school and art industry, Hye-seong was the first one to offer her a friendly helping hand. As Yuri was mentally exhausted, he who she had known ever since she was a child, was a great comfort.



Of course, she was aware of his father's concerns about their relationship, hence did not expect a future with Hye-seong. Yuri simply pocketed her feelings - she also had her own plans in her mind. She already knew that they were to split their ways when the time came.



Even then, she could not believe that she must have moved on so fast with another man; with a man who had a peerlessly prominent background compared to the Jins.









Afresh, Yuri wondered what happened to her on the day she lost her memories. Burying her head between her knees, Yuri scorned herself. Why did she lose so many memories? The death of her father, the death of Hye-yeon, and the man who could have possibly been her lover.



If there was one thing that she could be certain about, it was that the relationship did not end on good terms. Either he or she had left the other, and what was written on the ending page of their relationship was not happily ever after.

Yuri would not be surprised if he left her as that was more realistic than the other way around, but seemingly, the circumstances pointed to the opposite. Either way, she could not understand why Samuel  was still antagonized by her as it had been four years already and he, by all means, was engaged to another woman.

"We have a lot to talk about from now on."

Something to talk about from now on? Then why did he not talk about it in the past four years? Is it because of his engagement?

Surging questions occupied her mind. Soon, she could vaguely assume Samuel's intentions. Engagement between two of the most powerful families required precautions. If Yuri was one of his women in the past, her presence might be quite disturbing to his current fiancée. Is that the case? Whatever the answer is, another encounter with Samuel  did not seem like a good idea.

After a profound sigh, Yuri stood up.

It was already dark outside. To send the agency and Roy the final installation report by the end of the day, she needed to retrieve her tablet from him. Most of her installation notes were copied in her






laptop, but the pictures that she had taken earlier at Daejin Department Store were not updated yet and she needed them for the report. Most importantly, in order to find her memories back, she needed to meet Samuel , the man in her dreams and flashbacks.



Should I visit his office? When she keyed in Seoin Group on the search engine, her phone next to the laptop rang. It was an unfamiliar number. However, Yuri could easily guess who the caller was. After taking a few deep breaths, she pushed the answer button.



"Hello."

"You answered late."

Ignoring his response, Yuri started talking.

"I need my tablet back. It is important to me."

"You need to come and get it yourself."

Deridingly, Samuel  answered in a low tone. Yuri tried her best not to react emotionally.

"Where should I come? To your office?"

"Hotel Seoin, Suite 3001."

"Wait, hey!"

Ruthlessly, Samuel  cut off the line. Yuri did not even have a moment to be antagonized by his rude attitude. He did not need to provide anything but a hotel room number, because at that moment, Yuri found the room number somewhat familiar.

I know this room number ?







A pounding started inside her head. Stumbling, she massaged her forehead.



Here I am, again.

After getting off the taxi, Yuri glared at the overwhelmingly lavish appearance of Hotel Seoin. This was her third visit. She had visited this hotel for the first time because Daejin Department Store had reserved a room in the hotel as her accommodation during her stay for installation work. The second time, she was unconsciously driven to come, after her visit to Jinseong City.

The last time she had visited the hotel, she could understand what brought her here. Now, she knew why. Because the man, Samuel Seo, was here.


Did I remember this place somehow?

Something was still engraved deep in Yuri's mind - even after removing the death of her father, the ten days, and the death of Hye-yeon from her memories completely. After she'd collected better pieces of information about Samuel , she was able to make sense of the man who had the security camera footage from Hotel

Seoin. Presumably, the man named 'Jin-wook Jeong' worked for Samuel .

Now the question was ? Why did he delve into Hye-yeon Jin's death? Is her death related to Samuel ?

"Miss Han?"

A familiar voice dragged Yuri out of her deep thoughts. The voice was from the cousin of the man she needed to confront. The man who possibly could have been her lover in the past. What perfect timing!







"Hello, Jae-won. Are you off now?"

"Yes! By the way, what brought you here today? Is it a coincidence? Or did you come to see me?" The man was cheerful yet cheeky.


"Oh no, I came to visit one of my acquaintances."

"I see. Well, unfortunately, I also have a plan that I cannot skip. I was worried that you came to visit me!"

Jae-won seemed disappointed, but he hid his disappointment well. As Yuri had realized it from the beginning, this man always made her feel at home. Anyone could see that he was well-educated, from a respected family with care and love.

Why are Samuel  and Jae-won so different from each other even as cousins? When Yuri reminded herself of the man who she needed to confront, her face clouded over.

Jae-won quickly changed the topic. "Is the installation finished?"

"Yes, it was done today."

"Then, are you leaving Korea soon?"

After taking a few seconds, Yuri answered. "I think I am going to stay for a bit. I need to take care of some stuff."

"Well, that is great news to me!" Jae-won smiled. "You can take your time. I can wait for your call."

Nothing forceful, but an insisting voice of Jae-won landed on Yuri's ears.



After entering the elevator, she closed her eyes. Whenever she breathed, something suppressed her chest and left her feeling






nauseated. Even when she walked through the lavish aisles, she felt queasy.

In front of Suite 3001, she dropped her head and looked down at her shoes. Somehow, she felt like she had done this before. Here, in this place, at some point in time that she does not remember.

With shaking fingers, she rang the bell. Without the slightest noise, the heavy door opened.







Even before she had taken her finger off the doorbell, the door had already soundlessly opened. A surge of emotions flooded her senses as fragments of memories assaulted her mind.

It was then that a curt voice brought her thoughts to an abrupt halt.



"You're late."

Standing at the door, an unbuttoned shirt clinging on his skin, an alarming glint in his dark orbs was the man from her canvas ? her nightmares-Samuel .

Yuri soon reined in her composure and retorted in an impassive manner.

"You didn't tell me I had a fixed time to keep."

Samuel  moved sideways with a raised brow. He noticed she still had her sharp tongue.

"Come in," he said unceremoniously.

However, the girl stood rooted to her spot, she had no intention of stepping in and she made sure to make her purpose of visit clear.

"I only came to get back the tablet."

Samuel  shot her a lazy glance, his eyes still and unfathomable.

"You're free to stand there all night if you want."

He went back inside without another word. He knew her all too well, her defiance and courage. He also knew how to get her to do his bidding.









Yuri had no choice but to follow him. The door closed behind her with an ominous sound. Samuel  was sitting on the living room sofa with a lit cigarette. She felt his gaze on her through the smoke as she slowly sat on the opposite side. She tried to speak without betraying any emotion.



"Please give it back to me."

Samuel's smile did not reach his eyes, and Yuri was afraid all the more for it.

"You still don't know me?" He sniggered.

"I don't remember." She replied impassively.

"Then, I'll have to make you."

Samuel  rose, his hand found her face. She felt like lightning had struck her in his touch. There was a hand that caressed her face in the past. She gasped out loud and sank back to the sofa.

"Wa-wait!"

Surprised by the sound she made, Yuri clasped a hand over her mouth. Her heart was pounding as it would burst. Tremors ran down her body in fear.

Samuel  only laughed at her response.

"Do you remember now?"

"I, I don't know what happened, but I lost parts of my memory.

Especially the last four to five years of my life. So I can't remember you."



"I remember telling you not to fool around with me."









The ends of his lips twisted. Samuel  removed the cigarette from his mouth and slowly stubbed it out on the ashtray.

"You know me."

"How can you be sure?" Yuri probed him, her eyes searching his face.



"You respond to me. Then, now, you're still trembling."

Yuri tried to hide her hands, but it was too late. He knew exactly how she would react. Her already pale face turned ashen.

"That's because-"

"Why, is it a selective memory loss?"

"I'll explain." She then cleared her throat before continuing. "I received a hypnosis treatment for my memory, and afterward I saw you in my dreams. I don't know anything about you except your face. If Ms. Yoon had not introduced us, I would have never known your name."



"What caused your memory loss?"

Yuri hesitated before replying. "I don't know. I don't even remember what happened then."

Unfortunately, her explanation didn't sound plausible to the man before her.

"It must be convenient for you to say that you don't remember everything I ask. Don't you have a better excuse or an explanation?"


His sneer deepened instead, Yuri felt faint. She did not want to face him, who seemed to be not interested in having a conversation






and only interrogated her. She was tormented by her memory loss. She had lost her father, her friend, and herself. The trauma had burdened her so much that she could not create her pieces anymore. If there was an excuse or an explanation, she was the one who wanted to hear it the most.



"What do you want to hear from me? I told you I don't remember!"

She was agitated, she wished to be left alone.

"You might want to remember when there's a chance. That is if you don't want other people to get involved."

"What do you mean?" It was a sheer sign of threat hurled at her.

"The man who is your boss and your teacher is well-esteemed in his profession. His skills and reputation hold up, and people tell me his uncle is a successful entrepreneur in that field too. I can easily make trouble for them if there's something in it for me."

Yuri's pale face now reddened in anger. The situation she found herself in did not make any sense. A man who took what was hers made her come to him and was now threatening her.

She glared at Samuel . "I can make trouble for you too. Do you want me to call Ms. Yoon? I can say that your fiancé is throwing baseless threats at me after calling me to his hotel room."

Yet, surprisingly, her words didn't have as much effect on him. Samuel  only smiled.

"Do it." He provoked her.

"What?!" Yuri was stunned.

"Do it. I don't care." She was taken aback by his response.










No matter how she looked at him to catch a glimpse of his thoughts, his face did not betray anything. Actually, he was looking at her with amusement.







"I'll call her. You can take the phone and tell her what you just said. I'm also curious about how she will respond."

True to his words, Samuel  took his cell phone out from the jacket he had taken off next to him. He pressed the speed dial to call Si-yeon, and turned to speaker mode and placed it on the table.

"Yes, Samuel ."

Yuri flinched, hearing Si-yeon's voice. What was Samuel  thinking? He resumed speaking with his eyes fixed on Yuri.

"The person I'm in a meeting now wants to speak to Director Yoon.

Do you have a minute?"

"It's all right. Is it a business matter?"

"You'll know after hearing it."

Samuel  pointed at the phone on the table with a smile on his lips.

"Hello, this is Director Yoon from Daejin Department Store. Who is this?"



Yuri hesitated as she remembered the wife of a professor she had met before. When Yuri asked for help, the wife had told her that it was her fault of having given him leeway. She could not open her mouth as the image of the woman shielding her husband latched in her.



Si-yeon was repeating herself.

"Hello? This is Si-yeon Yoon. Samuel , is there something wrong?

No one's answering."









Samuel  answered with a concealed sneer.

"It seems that there was too much alcohol involved. This, after asking me to call you that badly."

"It can't be helped. Please introduce me later."

"I'll do that."

Samuel  slowly pressed the end button.

"You have to wisely choose people to bluff."

Yuri had lost the game. He knew that she would not be able to act on the threat.

Hence, she stood up and rapidly walked to the entrance. However, Samuel's tight grip caught her first before she made it to the door.

"I never gave you escape as a choice." He sniggered.

"Let go of me!"

In no time, Yuri was pushed to the wall with some force. Samuel's shadow engulfed her silhouette. She raised her head and met his eyes filled with desire ? enough to swallow her whole.

"Why are you doing this? No matter what we were, aren't we over?"

She was incensed.

"Who says it's over?"

Samuel  lifted her chin with one hand. Yuri instinctively tried to pull back, but she was already against the wall. He held her waist tightly with the other arm.

"You say you don't remember."








"I don't, but I know that much. Because we broke up, you didn't look for me in America ? and even got en-engaged."

It was difficult for Yuri to open her lips. She trembled wherever his breath brushed against her. Her head was spinning from his scent mixed with cigarette smoke.

"I knew you to be 'Hye-yeon Jin'." He brushed her hair away and whispered with his lips against her ear.

What did he mean by that? She had no time to think as he roughly held her head back and kissed her.

"Uh!"

Samuel  strengthened his grip on her chin to pry her lips open. His tongue ravaged hers in a breathtaking kiss. His sensual scent tinted with cigarette smoke overwhelmed her. She tried to push him away, but it only made him move in closer and deeper until she felt numb. No matter how she tried to get away from him, the kiss became rougher, and the wet sounds they made were becoming messier.



His tongue was forcibly taking her breath away. He slipped her trench coat off of her with a hand while she was trying to get her breath back. He then violently tugged at her blouse. The buttons popped out to reveal a simple beige bra.

Yuri screamed and tried to hide what was displayed in front of him.

Samuel  spoke in a level voice even after that passionate kiss. "It's not my type. Is it his?"

He recklessly pushed up her bra and squeezed her breats. Yuri shuddered everywhere when his hands pressed her hardening nipples.








"Stop!"

Samuel  easily grabbed both of her wrists with one hand and held them up her head. She felt his tongue wrapping around her nipples and sucking. He then rolled one in his mouth while fondling the other with his other hand.


He left red marks on her white skin as he hungrily sucked and grabbed. She let out a shaking breath. She trembled everywhere Samuel's hands, lips, and tongue roamed. Her skin began to show a faint blush.


Samuel  was enjoying her sweet skin to his heart's content when he noticed the marks left by his hand on her shoulder.

"It must have hurt. You always bruised so easily."

He kissed the bruise on her shoulder. She was writhing as she felt him hardening against her lower abdomen.

"Let go! I don't want this!" She tried to push him away.

"Did you already forget? I said you couldn't refuse when I want you. Stop moving. I never did it like this, and I don't want to hurt you."

He spoke in a threatening tone as he lifted her up. His body, remaining immobile no matter what Yuri did. It did not matter whether she shouted, cried, or resisted, he would have her.


Samuel  roughly laid Yuri down on the bed and took off her skirt. As the long cloth snaked down her thighs, her slim legs

and underwear came into view. Her blouse was already wide open and could no longer hide her breasts. The red marks left on her white skin drove him crazy.

He hurriedly stripped his clothes off, displaying his sculpted physique and erection as he came to her bare as the day he was born.


As the bare-bodied man neared, Yuri drew back; not out of fear but astonishment. She had sketched the body of the man in her memories. Yuri had even made molds of the beautiful body she could see whenever she closed her eyes. She just had never imagined that it would now come to her in flesh. What's more, belonging to Samuel Seo-the man who wreaked havoc into her life just recently.



Samuel  grabbed her ankle and roughly pulled her to him. He removed the clothing that remained on her and spread her legs out.


"Ah!"

Yuri shuddered like a fish forced out of the water as his thumb touched the most sensitive spots deep inside her. The man chuckled and relentlessly pushed his fingers into her.

Yuri was still dry and hence, in pain. She grabbed his wrist and pushed his chest away.

"It hurts!" She glared at him.

"You'd become wet with only a kiss before."








Disregarding her words, he simply plunged his fingers deeper. Her face creased in pain as she felt his digits moving inside her.

"It hurts! Please, stop." She pleaded.

"It's so tight. Your old teacher hasn't had you much." He sniggered.

"I said that's not true!" She glared daggers at him. "I'm not in that kind of relationship with Roy ?"

His fingers came in deeper after stroking her clitoris. He licked her earlobe as if to soothe her, circled his fingers in as she became less tight than before.

Yuri shut her eyes tightly as his fingers seemed to be everywhere inside her. He pressed a particular spot while observing her response.


"Do you still like it here?" he asked in a raspy voice.

"Ah!" She felt electrified.

Samuel  had once known her body better than Yuri did. Even after four years, he found the places that aroused her quickly.

She grabbed his shoulders as tremors overtook her. She felt herself getting damp under his relentless ministrations.

He stirred her until wet sounds filled the room. She turned her head away in embarrassment, but the man forced her to watch him with a hand on her chin. He slowly licked his fingers as he met her eyes.


"I remember your taste."

Yuri blushed as she watched him lick her juices.









"Don't do this!" she said softly.

"Yes, I did not plan to do this, but now you rush me." Saying so, he held one of her legs over his shoulder. "It's been too long."

He rubbed his penis just before he entered and lightly bit her lower lip. Yuri gripped his shoulders tighter as she felt a massive heat against her body. She felt as if she was split in two when Samuel  thrust inside her.


"Ah!"

She was hit with excruciating pain. Even though she had become wet under his caresses, it had been too long since she had accepted a man inside. He was too big and hot as he forced his way inside her walls.


She tilted her head back, her lips trembled. Above her, Samuel  groaned as he reached her deepest regions.

"It should be like this." He whispered hoarsely.

Lodged deep inside her, he stared into her eyes without moving. Teardrops hung on her long and lush eyelashes. He held her in his arms while she struggled to get her breath back. He traced along her forehead, brows, the bridge of her nose, closed eyelids, lips with his eyes, and his gaze traveled down her delicate neckline, collarbone, arm, hands, fingers, and nails.

His gaze stopped at Yuri's hands that were fisting the bedsheets. They had the same short nails as a child's but were homely compared to the rest of her body. They were continuously drawing and making something, so her hands were wreathed with calluses. Everything about her was beautiful, but Samuel  remembered her hands best.










"I finally found you, Yuri Han."

Taking her hand, he planted a kiss on her warm palm. He then grabbed her thighs and pushed her body closer. She felt like she was being impaled, ravaged by a monster even. She clenched her teeth as he forcibly opened her to him

Large hands soon found her pair of mounds kneading them to his contentment while he softly bit the soft skin of her neck. Yuri felt arousal taking over pain as he rubbed her reddened nipples and moved his hips in a fast rhythm.

It was a sensation long left in the past. As he moved in and out with long and deep thrusts, the top of his head hit the headboard.

His movements were violent and rough, but her body remembered him. The bond with Samuel Seo was something deeper than a simple physical encounter.

Strange sensation filled her as the passionate sex she had in her dream became a reality. Was this what I had left behind in my memories? Her world felt more real than it ever had in the last four years. Her consciousness spiraled down in a whirlwind of sensations.



Samuel  also seemed to feel her mind drifting away and kissed her as if he wanted to swallow her.

"Look at who you are with now." He whispered to her ears. This was followed by a short cry emanating from her lips.

"Ah!"

She felt a sharp taste in her mouth as he pried it open. Their tongues in a familiar dance, she felt alive. His hips ground against her, while his lips pressed down on hers. This was not the







imaginary world where Yuri had wandered in torment. It was not a dream, but a reality where only Samuel  existed.

Her strength left her as the man expertly moved and twisted his hips. A vein stood out in his forehead as he felt Yuri go hot and wet underneath him. Everything was beyond sensations now.








Chapter fifty - Feasting.

It seemed Samuel  had forgotten his long standing tenet- sex was a game of pleasure between a man and a woman. But right now, the only thing left was an instinct screaming within that he had to have her.


The sound of flesh against flesh rang loudly. As pain turned to pleasure inch by inch, Yuri felt moans escaping from her mouth.

"Ah, ah!"

She was heady as she felt him inside, and the sensations were waking something that was lying dormant in her. A light blinked beyond the black curtains of her memory.

What is this?

Something was trying to rip and come out of the curtains. Yuri reached out and tried to grab it without thought. However, her hands touched Samuel's face instead of her fragmented memory.

A suppressed moan slipped out of Samuel's mouth. Yuri was startled to find a strange sensation of something burning rolling within her. The man held her tightly as she tried to escape.

"Stay still." He growled a warning and hugged her hips even closer.

He was in a frenzy, seemingly trying to leave as much of himself in her as he also climaxed.

Samuel  did not take himself out even after he was done. Yuri tried to push him away, but he remained hard inside her. He rolled her over to the side and pulled her into his arms, burying himself in her neck and reaching out to grab her twin peaks.

Yuri flinched and shrank as he toyed with her hard nipples.







"You haven't enjoyed yourself yet." His raspy voice sounded by her ear.



His hands wandered below her flat stomach and between her legs. She was wet with his come and her juices, and was still wide open with his penis inside. He caressed where they met and thrust deeper.


"We are going for it now." He declared.

"Stop!" She made a feeble attempt.

He was deep inside her. Her walls engulfed and tightened their hold on him as if she had been waiting for this very moment. She was shocked, her body betrayed her and welcomed Samuel  in. Her body was now thoroughly awake from this brief experience. He filled her, and she felt her body fit him in. Her skin was so sensitive that she could feel his shape and pulsating veins.

"Ah-"

Her moans were different from before. Her breasts were crushed in his grip. As he rolled her nipples with his palms, her

husky moans became louder.

"Ah, umm-"

The sound was pure music to his ears. Samuel's hand lowered to stroke her intimate spots. He was still ravaging her, where they remained connected. The lewd noises and the springs of the mattress rang in her ears.

He worked her sweet spots.

"You're incredible. Still so tight." He whispered between pants.










She felt herself being pulled along with him with each movement. She was already soaked, and her body pulled as if to suck him in. He knew that he should not overwhelm her with his strength, but he could not control himself. Every time he plunged into her, her body rattled as if she was about to break.

"Ah-"

Yuri gasped in shock and passion with every movement Samuel  made. He stared at her face overwhelmed with pleasure.

"Why did you disappear?" He demanded out of nowhere.

He spoke in a voice that froze Yuri's flushed body.

Between wakefulness and slumber treads a fine line of clarity. When one is exhausted physically, exhilarated mentally, this line of clarity is at its hazy best.

Yuri was in and out of stupor. One moment she was in pain, and another ecstasy. She had lost all semblance of time and place. Her senses had long forsaken her.

That's why, his question, out of nowhere, seemed surreal at first.

When she came to it, with a lot of effort, Yuri managed to open her mouth only after sensing that the movements had stilled.

"What?" She couldn't even hear herself.

"We had been doing this until the morning of my business trip. And you simply vanished when I was away? for four years!" Anger, accusation, reproach, and even a hint of feeling betrayed, was evident in the tone.


In his frenzy, Samuel  plunged into Yuri with a heady sound. The more he ravaged her, the more insatiable he was. Tonight, he







cared about nothing but feeding his feral carnal appetite like there would be no tomorrow.

Her breath choked as he flicked her already swollen clitoris. Her world turned black as a fierce pleasure pierced through everywhere.


"Ah-"

Yuri's thighs trembled, her back arched. She tightened her hold on him as juices flowed out. Out of her control, her body seemed to have woken up from a long period of venereal void.

Samuel  also creased his face and held his breath. He had come and was trying to enjoy her as much as possible? he found it impossible to control himself nor did he desire to. He had plunged into a bottomless abyss after all.

"Let go a little. The night's still long."

Even before his raspy words reached her, he had begun to stroke her clitoris. However, Yuri was limp from the sensations that repeatedly overwhelmed her. Samuel  clicked his tongue as he observed her heave with her face buried in the sheets.

He was not dense to not know how a woman felt when he was inside her. He was well-aware he had overwhelmed her, her body was too weak to go further.

Yuri was of a slender build, smooth muscles in her arms and legs; a decent vitality, and nimble. But now, she looked almost emancipated, demure, and too frail for him? like a light breeze would crumble her.


Samuel's erect!on was still high as he extracted himself from her core.









Those long-forgotten carnal desires had rushed back in hysteria.

Like a parched earth devouring water? a famished beast prey, Samuel  who had never recovered from Yuri's sudden disappearance from his life, upon their unexpected reunion, had succumbed to delirium and abandoned all reason. There was only one thing governing him: he would not let go of her again.

Yes, she was spent. No, he was not sated.

He gulped some wine and fed it to Yuri with his mouth. Eyes still closed, she frowned, at the taste of the drink.

"I don't want alcohol," she said meekly.

"You have to drink."

Samuel  licked the wine that trickled from her mouth to her neck.

Yuri's color finally returned after he gave a few more swallows. As he spread her thighs, their juices flowed out of where he had released.


Like a wolf roused by the scent of blood, his blood boiled at the sight of the oozing fluid? he wanted her even more badly. As he slid himself in, because of the wine, her hold on him was tighter than before. He pushed away her hands that were trying to hide her face. Her inebriated, flushed face was breathtakingly beautiful.

"I never knew I could see you and be inside you like this again." He sounded like he had found his long lost treasure.

He kissed her, his tongue ravaged everywhere inside her mouth. He was feasting on her, up and below.

  



Samuel  indulged himself to his heart's content? if there was such a thing as content that is. Following his instincts, he plunged deep into her core and stroked the inside walls. His taut abdomen crushed and rubbed her clitoris.

Yuri shed incessant tears as waves of pain and pleasure deluged her. However, the man still dominated her without any mercy. He thrust relentlessly, using his tongue and fingers to make her respond to him whenever she would span.

He came when her vision blurred like when she was in the nightmare. Samuel  poured himself into her as he kissed her neck and collarbone with a low groan. Wholly spent her hand on his shoulder dropped with a thump.

"Hey!"

Samuel  lightly tapped her cheek but got no response. Finally, his senses seemed to return, he was able to think.

He had not had sex like this even during his twenties. Such verve and the uncontrollable, obsessive passion that made him forget himself and focus only on the coital pleasures, was foreign to him. But he knew, this woman was the only one who had such an effect on him.



Samuel  pulled away from Yuri and ran his hand through her rumpled hair. Her swollen red lips stood out on her pale face. A mix of liquids from what they had just done spilled in his tracks. There was a still unsatisfied desire within the sexual afterglow he was feeling at the moment.



"You drive me crazy." He whispered in her ear.



Holding her head, he gently put a pillow underneath. After covering her naked body with a quilt, Samuel  put on a bathrobe and grabbed a cigarette. He went to the terrace and lit it, trying to suppress his hankerings with long swallows.

He was on the verge of mounting and feasting on her like a beast? it didn't matter whether she could take it or not? it was like the pent up emotions from these past four years, had found a release.

After determinedly reining in the brute of desire, he took another puff before called Jay.

"Have you checked Yuri Han's treatment records?" Was the opening sentence.

"The doctor in the clinic is careful with managing the documents, so it will take some time to get the records in full. Her illness is so tricky that there's a mountain of consultation records."

"What's the name of the illness?"

"Transient global amnesia. It's a memory disorder from psychological trauma rather than the workings of the brain. This woman seems to have lost her entire memory of a specific period."

Memory loss of a particular period?

Samuel's brows furrowed. Was it true she did not remember him?

Her temperature, pulse, and breathing he felt in his hands were too real for Yuri to be feigning. No matter how good an actress she was, it would be impossible to control those things.

As he listened and thought, he did not know how much he should believe.









He ended the call and went back to the living room. Picking up

Yuri's bag lying at the entrance, he sat on the sofa and rummaged through the contents. Writing supplies, notebook, catalog, a cosmetics pouch, her passport, and a wallet? most of her belongings were simple black without any embellishments.

The ends of Samuel's lips lifted. Still the same taste.

One thing they had in common was their preference for clothes and ornaments with clean cuts. And by the sight of it, it seemed to have remained despite the memory loss. Somehow, this trivial discovery brought a tinge of warmth within him.

Lighting another cigarette, he took out her wallet and passport. He compared the picture in the passport with her name. The pictures used in her license and passport were a younger version of Yuri, but they were undoubtedly her.

Setting these aside, he reached out to the booklet. It was a catalog showcasing the profiles of artists in an exclusive contract with the agency Yuri belonged to.

When his eyes landed on the picture on the opening page, they were suffused with malice.

"So, this is her teacher and boss."

From the picture, it was obvious Roy Jean was a handsome man. He was forty-four but looked younger as some artists did. Ash hair, sharp eyes, and a lean and muscular body showed through the image.


Samuel  went livid whenever he remembered Yuri going straight to Roy, calling and hugging him the moment she woke up. According to a report from America, this Roy was the most intimate relationship Yuri had there.








He was roughly turning over the pages until he found Yuri's profile at the end. Since she had just made her debut, there was nothing noticeable except for her photo and pictures of her work. Samuel's gaze fixed on the list of her works for a moment. There was a name that stuck out.



Apollo.

Was this the work that was the motif for the 'Heart of Apollo'?

There was no way to know as this particular work, unlike the rest, was without an image. Since a price tag was not listed, this work was not for sale.

Samuel  kept digging through the bag until he found something out of the ordinary. It was a pill bottle. Actually, it was a transparent plastic box that was the size of a small book containing neatly packaged pills in ziplock pouches. There were at least six different kinds in large amounts. They could've been vitamins, but the colors of the pills were too bright to be so.



Samuel  did not specialize in medicine but knew what medicine Seoin Pharmaceutics, a subsidiary, developed. Taking his knowledge into account, these vibrant pills were typically psychotropic drugs. He wondered at the sheer amount of pills Yuri carried with her.



Opening the pillbox, he examined each pill with a stiff face. Opiates, stabilizers, antidepressants, and painkillers. He knew most of them but could not recognize the white pills.

Since the product name was not listed, he deduced they must be a prototype.

If she needs to take this much medicine at the same time, what happened to Yuri?






She is said to have mental problems. They say she tried to take her own life multiple times, and it's become a habit.

I don't know what happened, but I lost parts of my memory. Especially the last four to five years of my life. So I don't remember you.

Jay's report and Yuri's condition? Furthermore, the fact she left him? disappeared, lost her memory, and now was taking all these drugs. Samuel's thoughts sank deep in his eyes.

---

Continue in part 2!!



