







Chapter 101.

Jin-wook used to be a police officer. His skills were extraordinary earning him the sobriquet 'cadaver dog'. Who knew that such an exemplary man would have a dismal and abrupt end? It so happened, that while on duty he was stabbed in the neck with a screwdriver. The perpetrator was a twenty year old girl who had surely caught him unawares. Luckily, it was not a life or death situation, nor was it without some permanent damage. The once dauntless man, after recovery, was being haunted by the screwdriver in the middle of the night, during meals, and wakng hours. He turned violent because of this trauma. As a result he was ill-disposed to function, in the end had to give up on his dream of being a police officer.





Although he resigned from police he was scouted by CEO Jeong-ho Seo, whom he had met in the past. His new position helped recover his stability, but he still dared not keep a screwdriver at home. Even so, the offender made it into his life and home, she was currently his wife. Can fate get any stranger?

He found out that he suffered from PTSD only after he recovered his stability. After some research on PTSD symptoms, he also realized that his symptoms were not very significant compared to others. This was probably thanks to the affection his wife showed during his whole journey.



Jin-wook spoke as he pointed at the patient room. "The situation got much more serious, so the chairman might hear about this.

Just make sure to deny any knowledge about it."

"What about you?"

"I'll have to stick to it."










"Jin-wook, you don't have that woman, Jiye Kim, still in your head, do you?"

"Maybe. She's not in my head, but I do think about her sometimes. If I hadn't obeyed the chairman's command to bring that girl to him, the girl would never have been harmed, and the president would not have left the house either. "

Furthermore, Samuel would not have developed such a great attachment to his possessions either.

Jin-wook was introduced to Chairman Jeong-ho Seo back when he was police. After his parents' death his situation turned dire, he was struggling to care for himself and his little brother with the little pay he was receiving. Thus, when the chairman had asked him, who was a skilled, genius man in his trade, to secretly bring a girl to him, he had readily accepted the job. He hadn't thought much about it then, simply dismissing it as the run-of the mill 'rich boy falling in love with poor girl' trope. In this view, the man wanted to toss her some money had end her relationship with his son.



Of course, this assumption was made before Jin-wook realized what kind of a monster the chairman was.

"Even if you didn't find her, someone else would have." His little brother placated him.

"I know bro."

"He won't mess with you as long as I'm beside you. Be sure to guard the VIP room, and tell me if anything happens." Jin-wook made Jin-jo promise him.

Jin-ho nodded in reply.










The woman lay white as a ghost with her eyes firmly shut. Samuel had his mind preoccupied with her even during the important meeting with a foreign executor. He shook hands, spoke, read papers, but in his mind there was only Yuri.

The current scenario was beyond his imagination. He admitted he was rampant, how could he've ignored she had suicidal tendencies. her file was filled with the times she attempted it in the past. He had been well-aware of her mental instability, yet he had turned a blind eye and was at his willful worst. He should've put more thought into her, approached this whole thing patiently. This was clearly his fault.



Alas, regret had no pill. He cautiously stroked her cheek, hisevery touch filled with remorse. His heart ached at the sight, he felt like bashing himself. As he gazed at her still form, he noticed that she had gained a hint of warmth, she seemed better than from when he had brought her here. A slight relief surged within along with fierce fury.



How dare she try to escape from me ? How dare she ?

Nevertheless, the relief within still prevailed, she was safe now.

He was filled with a myriad of feelings, he didn't know which ones to express and which ones to suppress, if at all. He felt like an immature idiot, someone who knew nothing but making a ruckus out of everything. But then again, how would he have known any better? His life was an epitome of chaos, feelings and emotions were just hearsay. When his parents could abandon him, could there be anything left in the twelve year old boy?

"Yuri, you think I'm going to let you just disappear from my life?" His deep voice whispered into her ears. The fingers on the cheeks glided to the eyelids, then slid down the nosebridge and to the lips.







Funny how his mood lifted at the thought of how those soft lips used to nibble on his memeber.

He had greatly regretted it. He should have run to her when he noticed the library lights turned on. He should not have left her alone for a week. He should not have been so aggressive to her.

It's all my fault. I'm sorry.

He'd barely regretted or apologized in his life, but he was doing so to this woman countless times. He was torn within, he had died a million deaths already. He should've treasured her but all he did was torment her. His heart ached, he wished to undo it all.

As he heard the approaching footsteps, he slowly withdrew his hand away from Yuri's lips.

"I've sworn everyone to secrecy, but your grandfather should hear about this anytime soon." Jin-wook reported.

"I had no intention to hide it in the first place." Samuel had regained his nonchalance.

"And according to Jin-ho, her memory loss might be the cause of the PTSD."

Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. According to Jay, the doctor who diagnosed Yuri was a PTSD specialist. Samuel tried to chase away his fatigue and stared at Yuri. He remembered how young and healthy she was 5 years ago.

What had happened to you while I was away ?







The place where the car stopped was a café situated inside a house in Cheongdam-dong. Samuel frowned when he saw the wooden signboard that said "Carpe Diem".

"Are you sure it's here?"

"Yes, I am sure. Originally, the first floor is said to be operated as a cafe." Jin-wook replied as he checked the navigation.

It seemed like a quaint place with a cozy aura. Wading through the beautiful lawn garden, Samuel arrived at the entrance and paused. He could see the staircase leading to the second floor and a small sign hanging yonder: Lim Woo-kyung's Mental Health
Clinic.

Although a little unsettled over the whole set up, the man still climbed up and rang the doorbell. Soon the door opened to reveal a man with curly hair, round glasses, and a surprised face.

"Wow, I didn't know you would come in person!" The man made no attempt to conceal his astonishment indeed.

"I definitely made an appointment through Dr. Yun." Samuel simply stated.



"Oh, yes, but I didn't think you would come here instead of going to Seoin Hospital. And above all." the man said, scanning Samuel up and down, "you don't look like someone who needs my treatment."

"The patient is not me." Samuel was beginning to feel irritated by the questions now.

"Then, are you telling me to provide a diagnosis without a patient?"

The man quirked a brow.








"The patient is unable to move right now. Dr. Yun said that Dr. Lim

Woo-kyung is the highest authority in the country when it comes to these kinds of things. I thought you would understand this kind of situation."


This man, who seemed to be a well-off lumpen rather than a doctor, was not just a talent and graduate from the prestigious John Hopkins but also the son of a generational household that produced many directors of hospitals. Samuel didn't understand why a man who had already been guaranteed a good standing as a doctor set up a café here of all the places and offered psychological counseling.



"Well, to be more accurate rather than being an authority in this field, it's more like there is no one who studies 'psychogenic memory disorder' for the sheer fact that one doesn't earn well. Anyway, a diagnosis without a patient ? Hmm ? That sounds fresh."
Woo-kyung awkwardly scratched his head.

Saying so the man turned to walk in. The clinic, under his able guidance, seemed cozy and comfortable displaying not an iota of the usual somber atmosphere associated with such set-ups.

Samuel ran a cursory glance across his surroundings before taking a seat and driving straight to the point sans all civilities. Not minding the visitor's curt manners one bit, the seasoned doctor started to calmly answer his queries about PTSD.

"PTSD is a psychological reaction that occurs when a person is subjected to life-threatening stress. For example, a big accident, a crime, or war. Of course, the definition of 'extreme stress' varies from person to person, so it could also the loss of a loved one or a family member. There is no one in this world who can escape stress. However, the intensity of stress that causes PTSD









overwhelms everything. It destroys a person's mind and their lives. We call that trauma."

"Can it be a cause of memory disorder?" Samuel asked. He was precisely here to understand the cause for Yuri's condition, or rather seeking a 'second opinion'.

"Sure. There can be several symptoms. The memories of that time can be replayed over and over, or, conversely, you can forget them altogether. Your nerves get sharp, you lose focus, and have trouble sleeping. In more severe cases, you may experience dissociation or panic attacks." The doctor patiently explained.

"What is the dissociation phenomenon?"

"Shall we say that consciousness is separated? They are not aware of their actions or emotions. No matter what they do, they wouldn't know why or how they did it. In worse stages, it could end up being a multiple personality disorder even."

These words were verbatim Yuri's medical records that Jay sent from the United States.

Woo-kyung slowly continued. "Patients with PTSD usually have a lot of fear of losing or losing control over what is going to happen and as such, they may become aggressive, have difficulty controlling impulses, or suffer from depression and lethargy. As these problems last longer, patients become dependent on alcohol or drugs to slow down their painful memories. Quite a few cases of this condition have died from drug addiction."



They lose their life. Samuel's face hardened. Before coming here, he'd stopped by Yuri in the hospital ward. A whole day had passed, but she was still unconscious. When he demanded to know the nature of the problem there was, an embarrassed Jin-ho had emphasized again that she was only sleeping.






He started to feel stuffy in his chest, he loosened his tie and reflexively went for his pocket to fish out a cigarette only to realize that this was a non-smoking area. With sheer grit, he withdrew his hand and instead brought out a USB containing the medical records of Yuri and handed it to Woo-kyung.

"Please take a look at it. This is a medical record."

Woo-kyung immediately connected it to his laptop, perused the data, and frowned. "Where did you get this?" he asked.

"Is that important?" Clearly, Samuel didn't want to reveal.

"It's important." The shrink persisted. "This is not data available through normal channels. The medical law is medical law, but leaking patient information in this way is directly related to the doctor's conscience. Plus, the doctor, Davis, is someone I know. We often meet at international seminars. He's not someone that would let his patient's details wander about like this."

"As you guessed, it was indeed not obtained through the normal channels, so let's move on. Is treatment possible?"

"Combining counseling and medication can gradually relieve trauma. But in the case of this patient? ? ." Woo-kyung was silent for a moment. It seemed like he was quickly re-scanning the data, the loud mouse clicks were the only thing disturbing the silence.
"This is not a fundamental solution. It looks like Davis was also struggling."

"What's the solution?" Samuel couldn't help the slight desperation in his voice.

"You have to find the memory that is the root of the trauma." The doctor decisively declared.








In the end, the answer was to find the memory.










You don't know. You probably won't know ? What the lost memories mean to me and what pain it is. A precious person died in front of me. I don't know about anything else, but I can't forget that death. If I want to live properly in the future.

Only now did he seem to understand the meaning of those words. That Yuri was looking for the memories in order to live.

"One thing to note is that if you are not prepared enough and provoke or forcibly bring out "trauma", the patient will experience the pain vividly. Such stimulation is called 'trigger'. It must be a familiar word to Mr. Samuel Seo."

Ripped out of his musing at the words, he hurriedly mumbled: "A trigger ? I see."

"That's right, trigger. The moment the trigger is pulled it incites extreme actions like self-harm or suicide. This is a sort of defense mechanism to protect themselves." He let his words sink before he added. "Is the patient you are bringing in this condition as well?"

Instead of answering, Samuel exhaled a short breath. He was told there had been habitual attempts of suicide ? Was it because of this?


That seemed to have been a sufficient answer to Woo-kyung. Their consultation ended there. He said he would review the medical records carefully and then contact him again.

Upon leaving the clinic, Samuel clenched the centre of his brows as he got into the car Jin-wook was waiting in. It was hot. The fact that he had pushed Yuri made him see things blurrily. He remembered the words that Wook-yung had reiterated.








Do not force it. Saying something, explaining something, this doesn't work. Probably there is no language for it even in the patient. Facing trauma without feeling calm is only an unnecessary stimulus. You must understand and embrace it so that the patient can open their mind naturally. Wait for them to open their mind naturally, huh.

Even when he'd first met Yuri, Samuel did anything but that. Plagued but the obsession to have her by hook or crook, he had shackled her to him through a 'contract'. Time and again, he had driven her to the peak of her frenzy, instead of empathizing he had agonized her further and further. He clenched his hands tightly, heaving deeply as he did.



Suddenly, a few long forsaken words came to his mind, the last words of his father before he abandoned him.

Keep in mind this one thing: Everything in the world flows in order. Whether it's money, work, or a person's heart, everything has its own order and reason. If you break it, you may be comfortable for a moment, but the cost will surely get back at you.



A man- stubborn, sweet, who had persistently loved one woman was none other than his father. He was worried about the blind and coercive and obstinate personality of his young son, who was a spitting image of his grandfather.

"Is this the price~" Samuel mumbled bitterly and closed his eyes.

Time follows its own rhythm. Two days had passed as he realized the sensation that one minute and one second fell into it like grains of sand in an hourglass. But Yuri was still unconscious.

After work, Samuel, who had been looking at her frail face for a long time, got up. Jin-wook had said that he was planning to meet






the manager of the former Hotel Jinseong and retrieve the recording he had.

The house was as it was on the morning of Yuri's "accident". Samuel headed to her room to grab her cell phone. It took him a while to find the phone was lying under the side table with a dead battery.


He went to the library to fetch a battery charger. He had to find her memory. The best way was for her to find the memories on her own, but it's not his way to just sit still and wait around. And he didn't want to go through the experience of holding the body of a cold, drooping Yuri again. He needed to know. What pulled the

'trigger' of Yuri?!

He connected the battery to the cell phone and turned it on. There was only one person who could educate him of her condition right now: Roy Jean.

Samuel found the name and pressed the call button. The man was said to be still staying in Japan. The call was answered quite quickly, the tone short nevertheless it was a good low-pitched voice.


"Yuri."

Could it be that the man sounded strangely sweet because he was distorted right now?

"I am not Yuri. Roy Jean, is that you?" Samuel urgently asked from the other side of the phone if he was embarrassed by an unexpected male voice.

"That's right. Who are you? Calling from Yuri's number, what's your relationship with her?"








"I?"

What was his relationship to Yuri? Samuel pondered for a moment. What relationship should he say to make him give him the information he wanted without alerting him? However, Roy didn't wait for an answer.


"Did something happen to Yuri? Let me speak directly to her."

"Yuri is ill-disposed to speak right now."

His response was astounding when he said she was unable to speak.



"Is it D.I?"

Drug Intoxication. To think that that was the first thing he would say at the mere mention that she wasn't able to speak right now, Samuel was convinced that his conjecture had hit the bull's eye.

This man was an important "key" to solving Yuri's condition.






"Yeah, and she hasn't gained any consciousness yet."

The moment Roy Jean heard that Yuri had yet to awaken, he immediately fired a barrage of questions at Samuel. What was the treatment plan, the procedures she'd been in, , medications they had administered- he was systematic and thorough.

Samuel swiftly and succinctly answered every one of the questions, explaining it patiently and in depth in a manner he understood. It went on to show he was quite invested in Yuri's case and therefore privy to the details.

Roy Jean was an expert on the ins and outs of DI as he, too, was a doctor. But Samuel was more knowledgeable about what was happening to Yuri than he was.

It didn't take long for the interrogation to be done with, having gone smoothly, thanks to Samuel, who rattled off the facts like he was reading the reports..

"I'm not a medical practitioner or anything like that, but I'm really worried about how long she's been unconscious," Samuel said, clearly exasperated.

"She's just sleeping. There's no need for you to worry." Roy Jean replied.

"Are you saying that her being unconscious is just merely sleeping?"

Today was the third day Yuri had not opened her eyes. Samuel had been pestering the attending doctors all day, relentlessly questioning Jin-ho over and over that the vice director himself stepped forward in order to assure him that the girl was indeed







just sleeping. No matter how hard the doctors tried to convince him, the man still couldn't find it in himself to believe them. How could a person sleep continuously like that? It was as if she's dead already, but Roy seemed to be unfazed with the whole situation.

"At the moment, Yuri is still having a hard time recuperating. It is best to leave her be for the time being. Forcing her to wake up wouldn't do her any good, since doing so may cause seizures." Roy's response was something that Samuel had already heard before. It was the exact thing Jin-ho told him when he asked the doctor if it's possible to wake her up by force. It seemed like this guy named Roy, was quite experienced with Yuri's condition.

Roy went on, unbothered with Samuel's silence over the phone.

"You must be an acquaintance of Yuri then since you're not a hospital employee. Is it in Korea? Where exactly is the hospital?"

Roy Jean asked.

The word 'acquaintance' didn't sit well with Samuel, further increasing his discomfort. Roy Jean said that he would go straight from Japan, and Samuel almost told him that he didn't need to, but he clamped his mouth in the end. He realized that this was an opportunity to know more about Yuri's trauma, and what happened to her exactly. Roy would surely have an idea.

"Do let me know what time you'll be landing in Korea. I will pick you up from the airport," Samuel said decidedly, leaving no room for argument.


Roy thought for a moment, considering if it were a good idea to have a stranger pick him up. But the man on the other line seemed like he wouldn't give him the address should he refuse his offer.

Agreeing, Roy told him that he would see him tomorrow, about to end the call before Samuel repeated his question once again.







"What is your relationship with Yuri?"

He only expected two answers from him- Yuri's boss or her mentor- which Yuri had been reiterating like a parrot.

"I am her partner, and her guardian as well."

Samuel raised his eyebrow, completely thrown off by the unexpected answer.

"A partner and guardian?" He repeated flatly.

The call ended.

To say that he was confused was an understatement. Partner and guardian? But Yuri had always presented Roy as her boss and mentor, but the man's answer was entirely different. What is the true nature of their relationship?

Troubled by Roy Jean's response, Samuel opened his laptop to do a little research. He keyed in Roy Jean's name into the search bar and opened the first link that popped up on the screen. According to the profile on the link, he was a forty-four-year-old, Korean-American who grew up in a wealthy family, residing in the plush side of New York City- Manhattan. He'd blossomed quite early in his field. Short, gray hair, he emanated a dour aura. He used a Korean surname, but his mother was American. His deep, chiseled cheekbones and protruding nose elucidated his mixed blood origins.



Samuel also found out that Roy Jean had become a widower thirteen years ago, and remained single even to this day. There was a little age difference between him and Yuri - a romantic relationship could have easily developed between them. Staring at the screen deep in thoughts, Samuel immediately propped a








cigarette into his mouth. Roy Jean reminded him of Richard Gere in his earlier days.

As he picked the lighter from his desk, his peripheral vision caught sight of a stediliy blinking. He gazed sideways and saw the paper shredder turned on. Strange. He never used the shredder in this house, and there was no way that his employees, nor Manager Choi, entered his personal study without his consent.

Suddenly, his thoughts drifted to the time when Yuri was inside this room. What if Yuri didn't come here for the sleeping pills in the first place? Samuel hastily reached out for the paper shredder and pried the lid open.


When she had left the house four years ago, he had had all the garbage bins emptied. The container should have been void of any trash, but the bin was full to the brim.

He turned the container upside down, spilling the contents into his table. Looking closely, he noticed that the paper pieces were shredded photographs. With folded arms, he stared at the torn photo papers that lay scattered on his desk.






The following day, Samuel promptly made it to the airport arrival hall. It was not at all difficult to spot Roy Jean, since he wore a pair of jeans, a black t-shirt, and a light, gray blazer, standing out among the crowd. He was remarkably distinct compared to the simple clothes other people seemed to wear. His attire was too modest for a top-class New Yorker, but it was neat and crisp, all the same. Roy Jean only had one bag with him, no luggage in tow.

Samuel waited for him to leave the gate and as the man approached nearer, he spoke.

"Nice to meet you, Roy Jean. I'm the one who spoke to you yesterday."

Roy, who was searching for the man who'd called him yesterday, turned around upon hearing his name. His eyes grew wide at the sight of Samuel, which didn't go unnoticed by the latter. The latter wondered if Roy knew him prior to meeting him since he had a rather surprised, violent reaction. So much so, that the man even forgot to greet him with common courtesy.

"Apollo," Roy Jean said softly as if muttering to himself.

Apollo? Had he heard it correctly? Waiting for the man to continue, Samuel quietly looked on.

Roy straightened his back out, his expression shifted to a relaxed one, erasing the surprise from a few moments ago. "Nice to meet you. I'm Roy Jean, and you are?"

Instead of answering, Samuel handed him his business card who received it with his left hand. Samuel noticed that the man was wearing a wedding band.








Wasn't he a widower? How come he's wearing a ring? Thoughts suddenly filled Samuel's mind, the words 'partner and guardian' playing in a loop in his head. He didn't know what to

think. He abruptly snapped out of his trance when Roy Jean called out his name.

"It's Samuel Seo, is that correct?" Roy Jean said, his pronunciation a little awkward. "Can I call you Mr. Seo?"

"Sure. What should I call you?" Samuel asked politely.

"Just call me Roy."

They settled themselves inside the car. Samuel spoke as he turned the ignition on. "Do you speak Korean?"

Roy shook his head. "No. I can only say a few words. Usual greetings like hello." He answered, muttering the Korean word for hello unconvincingly.

It was a simple word, and yet he still wasn't able to pronounce it the right way. Does Yuri even speak with him in Korean when they're together?

"Is Yuri still asleep?" Roy asked as they pulled out of the airport parking.

"Yes." Samuel nodded. "Does she always sleep this long?"

Yuri slept with a ridiculously calm face, completely the opposite of Samuel's feeling for the past three days. He stayed by her side every night, not bothering to sleep since he didn't want to miss out on anything, should she suddenly wake up.

"It really depends. Sometimes she sleeps for only half a day, sometimes a few days straight," Roy Jean said as if recalling the times.







"I guess this happened quite often in America," Samuel said.

Roy pulled his palm out, his fingers going one by one as he counted. "It has happened about five times. Out of those, she had had to go to the emergency room thrice because of how severe it'd gotten."


It was more than what Samuel initially thought. Five times? Was this man next to Yuri every time it happened? He didn't know what to feel, should he be angry or dismayed about the situation.

"You seem to know a lot about Yuri," Samuel said flatly as he took a deep breath.

Roy shrugged. "Yuri is pretty special to me."

"I'm asking if you have a romantic relationship with her." Samuel remarked, his question appeared more like a statement than a question, too direct even.

"I don't have to answer that." Roy answered tauntingly as if he's telling Samuel that he didn't owe him an explanation.

"Well, you have to since I don't intend to share my woman."

Hearing his unexpected but straightforward response, Roy was able to conclude the extent of Samuel and Yuri's relationship. Now, he was purposely riling him up.

"If I say yes, does that mean that you're giving up?" Roy said, aggravating Samuel even more.

What nerve! Samuel scoffed. The boldness of this stranger surprised him. "I think you are mistaken. It is you that needs to give up, not me."











An uncomfortable silence rose between them, the tension too thick for their liking. Samuel stretched his neck left and right. He was wondering if he should continue on with this rigid exchange with the man seated beside him, or ask about Yuri's condition instead.

Still absorbed in his thoughts, Samuel felt a lingering gaze at the side of his face. He turned his head slightly and saw Roy looking at him. Even when their eyes met, the man didn't avert his gaze from his profile, igniting a reaction from Samuel.

"Is there something you want to say?" Samuel asked.

"Mr. Seo, you are really handsome," Roy said matter-of-factly.

What's wrong with this guy?! Samuel frowned. He clicked his tongue in annoyance.

Roy continued, ignoring Samuel's sullen expression. "You remind me of Apollo from the Greek and Roman mythologies."

Samuel always knew that he had good looks, never falling short of people's expectations of him. He had already received countless compliments, but it was the first time that he's told that he resembled a Greek god.

Samuel blinked. "Should I take that as a compliment?" he asked, sarcasm dripping from his voice.

"Apollo is a God who had both beauty and brains. He had a clear, distinct intelligence, and is masked with the beauty of light. He possessed amazing abilities, from medicine and art to archery. In mythology, it is also said that he is the God who evoked romance out of women the most," Roy said as if daydreaming.

Samuel knew what kind of god Apollo was without Roy's unnecessary explanation. He stared at the man incredulously






wondering why Roy was blabbering about Greek gods in this situation.

"The interesting fact about him is, if you look at Daphne's story, this almost-perfect god failed in love." Roy continued.

"That must be the inspiration behind the 'Apollo's Heart' that you made." Samuel stated.

Surprised at the remark, Roy asked, "Did you see my work?"

Samuel just shrugged. "Yes, it the reason why Yuri came to Korea."

"I thought Yuri's trip to Korea would help her find her memories. Her memory is quite unusual. You know that, right?" Roy asked, earnestly waiting for Samuel's response.

"What do you think?" Samuel deflected.

"I have no idea," Roy said, shaking his head. Seeing the hospital sign from the distance, he muttered. "Looks like that's the hospital. I'll check on Yuri's condition first."

The sudden change of topic deemed their conversation over. Nearing the entrance to Seoin Hospital, Roy peered out the window as Samuel parked the car into the driveway.





The hospital room was empty. There was no sign of Yuri sleeping on the bed, just a pulled-out IV needle lying on the middle of the sheets, where specks of blood spotted the linen at random. A few droplets of red also stained the cold flooring of the room.

Samuel stared at the sight before him. Perplexed, he rushed quickly towards the intercom, pressing the buttons impatiently as he called for a nurse. "Where is the patient?" he asked, panic lacing his voice.


Jin-ho came running into the room, a nurse on his heels- alarm etched on both of their faces.

"What happened?" Samuel asked anxiously, his voice loud enough to reverberate around the space.

Jin-ho glanced at the empty bed. "She was sleeping when I did my rounds thirty minutes ago." He was just as confused as Samuel.

"Where did she go all of a sudden? How about the CCTV?" Samuel asked, his head craning towards the camera situated at the corner of the room.

CCTVs were installed in all quarters of the hospital in case of emergencies. Although the footage was recorded without fail, the person in charge of the surveillance did not monitor the screens continuously so as to give the patients their privacy.

Samuel and Jin-ho went straight to the security room. Roy, who sensed the gravity of the situation, trailed behind them silently.

Upon reaching the security room, Samuel hastily turned the knob and pushed the door open. Startled at the sudden intrusion the personnel jumped to his feet.







Jin-ho approached the security officer who was in charge of the VIP ward and instructed him to fetch the footage from thirty minutes ago. The staff obediently followed the doctor's orders, quickly going to the computer screens as he turned the dial counterclockwise. After rewinding the knob to the specified time slot, the monitor displayed the recorded film onto the big screen.

Jin-ho said Yuri was still sleeping on her bed when he made his rounds. Ten minutes later, a nurse had gone in and checked on

Yuri's fluids.

Jin-ho tapped on the screen, zoomed in slightly and they saw

Yuri's eyes fluttering open minutes after the nurse left the room.

"I guess she woke up." Samuel was relieved to see Yuri wake up, even if he was only able to see it through the monitor.

His relief was short-lived, however. Yuri seemed to be confused; her head turned sideways as she took in her surroundings. After a few minutes, she pulled the needle out of her arm and sat on the bed. Having laid down on her back for four days straight made her slightly dizzy on her seat. She stood up slowly, her body shaking from the effort after relying only on the supplements the IV provided.



Samuel took a hitched breath.

"She is not totally awake yet." Roy muttered, looking at the screen intently as he observed Yuri.

"What do you mean?" Samuel asked, turning to Roy.

"Her consciousness has yet to awaken completely. Right now, she is in a state where reality and dreams blend cohesively, she cannot differentiate one from the other." Roy stated.








The screen showed her looking at the ground as if searching for something. Was she looking for shoes? Observing the footage, Samuel fell into a realization: She wants to get out!

"Check all the CCTVs at the emergency exits, elevators ? the entrance as well!" Samuel shouted, his head snapping frantically as he eyed at the various screens in front of him, looking for any sign of Yuri.


All of them watched the monitors like hawks, in a few minutes one of the security officers uttered loudly- "East emergency stairs!"

"Which floor?"

"Second floor. Wait! She went down to the first floor," the officer said as he followed Yuri's form through the screen.

Fortunately, Yuri was still inside the building. It's rather difficult to move around with a weak body, especially when she had been bedridden for four days.

"Contact the security guard on the first floor." Samuel ordered the officer to his left.

The guard took out his walkie-talkie, ready to relay Samuel's instructions when Roy grabbed his arm, prompting him to lower his device down.


"Are you trying to make the guards grab her?" Roy asked.

Samuel nodded. "Yes. I can't risk her going outside, given her condition."

"You can't! This happened once before. She intentionally tried to hurt herself when a hospital guard grabbed her. You can't make them do this." Roy explained, hoping Samuel would understand the possible consequences of his order.






Dammit! Samuel's lips quivered. He took a series of deep breaths, looking at Yuri's moving figure as she tried to get out of the building.


I need to get out. I need to run away. Yuri chanted those words in her mind over and over again. She wobbled continuously, thinking how much dosage was injected inside her veins as she struggled to keep herself upright. She was out of breath, her legs felt heavy as if her limbs weighed ten pounds heavier. Her bare feet started to hurt from the ground beneath her, but she still went on without hesitation.



You can't get caught.

She leaned her back against the nearby wall, wheezing horrendously as she fought to regain her breathing. She was fed up with the unsolicited touches that groped her body, and she hoped that no one would notice her gone. She took in her surroundings, checking in to see if anyone's following her. Even though she was able to escape, she still needed to keep a watchful eye in case they came after her when she least expected it. This was her only opportunity to escape, and getting caught was not an option.





"Hey, are you okay?" someone asked, the man slowly approaching her staggering form.

Still in a frenzied state, Yuri shook her head agitatedly as she scrambled away from the stranger. She ran with all the energy she barely had.


I have to get out. I have to run away.










Exiting the building in a state of distraught, Yuri didn't notice that she went straight to the driveway in the middle of the traffic. One of the cars pulled to a sudden halt, the wheels screeching loudly at the pavement as the driver honked ceaselessly. The shrill, sharp sound rendered her immobile, making her sink down on her spot. The roaring sound boomed incessantly around her.

"Are you crazy?! What are you doing!" The driver shouted at her still form, honking his horns all the while.

People inside their cars started to scream at her, some even swearing in her direction as they beeped continuously, signaling Yuri to move out of their way. However, she stood rooted to her spot, covering her ears from the onslaught of noises.

"Get out of the way, you crazy bitch!" The man screamed. Seeing her unmoving form aggravated the man even further, he go out of his car and angrily approached the crouched woman.

Yuri shrieked, seeing the man closing in on her with his hands outstretched. The man was about to pull her out of the traffic when someone blocked him from getting close.

"Yuri Han!" A trembling voice called for her as she was hugged tightly to a warm chest. The man took off his jacket and wrapped it around her shoulders, pulling her slowly from the ground.

The warmth and scent of the hug were too familiar. As if seeing for the first time, Yuri blinked her hazy eyes slowly ? the image of the man in front of her formed gradually as she took in his face. Her hand reached out to cup the man's face, trying to ascertain if the sight before her was real and not a figment of her imagination.

"Samuel Seo."







She now knew why she couldn't let go of him despite losing so many memories. She was waiting for him all this time, and now he was standing in front of her. The hand cupping Samuel's cheek suddenly dropped, eyes fluttering close as her body grew limp in his arms.



It seemed like the man named Samuel Seo was more than what meets the eye. He possessed a far greater position and ability than what Roy initially thought. He was going in and out of this large hospital as if it was his own home, swinging the doors open without a care in the world, with no one batting an eyelash.

Even the attending doctors stood unbothered at Samuel's looming presence inside the hospital. No one dared to stop or reprimand him. The car he drove, the clothes he wore, and even his fluency in English-all of it proved that he was anything but a commoner.

Roy glanced at Samuel. He was wiping the grime and blood off

Yuri's bare feet, cleaning it meticulously. He looked immensely sincere as he carefully tended to the wounded girl. At first, he thought that Samuel was someone who wouldn't lift a finger over small matters-turned out he was wrong.

Just a few moments ago, Samuel showed agility no one else seemed to have. He was much faster and quicker than anyone else. The moment he realized that Yuri was completely out of the guards' reach, he quickly dove down the emergency stairs, not bothering to even use the elevator.



The way he's able to know where she was headed to was a good perception in itself. He went straight to the driveway, not paying attention to the traffic around them, and grabbed hold of the panicked Yuri in his arms. He called in staff to tend to the commotion that was brought by her recklessness, and with that,









Roy came to realize that Samuel was adept in ordering people around and dealing with troubles.

Yuri lost her consciousness the moment he had her in his arms. The medical examinations were done promptly as ordered by the practitioners. Roy wasn't at all pleased at seeing Yuri who had grown so much thinner than before he left for Japan. Was sending her to Korea a mistake? But he knew that he couldn't keep relying on high-risk drugs.



Roy inched his face nearer to Yuri's form to study her more clearly.

He saw red marks on her collarbones. The love bruises were still fresh, not even a week old.

"These things on her body, was it your doing?" Roy asked.

"What's your problem?" Samuel asked as he raised his head, his demeanor reeking confidence.

"If there was consent, then it wouldn't be a problem. But no matter how hard I try to look at it, it seems like you put your hands on Yuri while she's sleeping."

Instead of answering, Samuel just shrugged. He barely acknowledged Roy's accusation as if taunting him on purpose. Roy didn't know what to make of the fellow's nonchalance, wondering to himself if he was really like that, or only to him.

Samuel eyed Roy curiously. How could this man, who can't seem to hide his emotions from Yuri, neglect her for four years? What is he going to do now? As the thoughts stewed inside his head, Samuel observed the man keenly, looking at him as he reached out to sweep Yuri's hair out of her face.

"Did you know that the medicine Yuri takes is Kratom?" Samuel asked.









Still staring at Yuri's unmoving form, Roy's eyes widened at the sudden question, throwing him off as he pulled his hand back. He turned his head towards Samuel, who was already staring at him fixedly.


"How did you know about-"

"So you did know." Samuel cut him off, straightening his back as he propped his elbows onto his knees, his gaze unwavering. "You knew she was taking those drugs, and you still neglected her?"

"Although it was classified as a drug, it is a drug that has excellent pain-killing properties. It is also used to combat withdrawal symptoms. What she is taking is a reagent that is being tested for approval by the FDA. Without it, she couldn't stand it ? Like now."
Roy explained.

"What the hell happened to Yuri in America?" Samuel asked abruptly, not bothering to hide his censure towards the latter.

Roy reciprocated Samuel's stare with equal ferocity. He scoffed slightly as he threw the question back. "That's strange. I came here to find out about that too. What happened to Yuri? She seemed fine when I spoke with her on the phone a few days ago."

"What did she say?" Samuel prodded.

Roy folded his arms and looked sideways as if in deep thought.

"She told me that she regained some of her memories, and was going to meet someone with a 'key'. I think that she may have found some clues."

"Clues? What are you talking about?"

"'Murder' she said." Roy replied flatly.









"I beg your pardon?" Samuel bore the same expression when he heard the same thing a few days ago. It couldn't be helped. People react by reflex when they hear the horrendous word.

Samuel's cellphone rang, cutting the tense atmosphere they were in the past few minutes. Roy waved his hand indicating that he should answer the call. It was Jin-wook.

Samuel swiped his thumb right, answering the phone call. "Is the video analysis done?"

"Yes, would you like to come over now?" Jin-wook asked from the other end.

Samuel had entrusted the video recordings to an expert since the files were in poor quality due to storage conditions. Jin-wook was in-charge of the whole thing and was now reporting in on the situation.


"That sounds urgent. You should go. It seems like Yuri isn't going to wake up anytime soon, anyway." Roy opined.

Did Roy actually know how serious the situation was, even though he didn't have any idea what he was talking about? Samuel was frustrated that he couldn't be by Yuri's side, especially when he had no idea when she would wake up again. He was also apprehensive to leave her alone with this man.

As if hearing Samuel's thoughts, Roy quickly offered his assurance. "I know that you're bothered about me being with Yuri. But you don't have to worry, I don't have a habit of touching a woman while she sleeps," Roy said pointedly.












Samuel stared at him. In the end, not wanting to waste his time, he proceeded to ignore Roy's statement, asking Jin-wook to send him the address to the analytics office.

Before leaving the hospital, he called for Jin-ho, instructing him to guard the ward well aka never to leave it unattended. Jin-ho nodded tremblingly, he had been summoned abruptly while in the midst of a diagnosis.




As Samuel drove towards his destination, Roy's words rang inside his head. He had told him that Yuri had regained some of her memories, and that she was going to meet someone with

a 'key'. She'd also said something about a murder. Samuel thought deeply, the scene around him passing by swiftly as he sped along the highway. The only person Yuri had met here in Korea was Hyeon-ah Kim, and it seemed like he needed to meet that woman in person.



After a while, the navigation system announced that he had arrived at his destination. He parked right next to the building, turned the ignition off, and unbuckled his seatbelt. He swiped his phone open and called Jin-wook, telling him that he had arrived.

Jin-wook went down immediately as Samuel got out of the car.

"They said that increasing the resolution to a maximum is not possible since it is a recorded copy, and the storage condition is quite poor, but we are still able to do facial recognition." He explained.


When they entered the office, one of Jin-wook's employees greeted Samuel, prompting Jin-wook to give a brief introduction.

"He is a friend of mine who knows how to lip-read. I called him here specifically."







Samuel shook hands with the staff and sat down, Jin-wook sitting beside him. The staff then played the video.

The footage showed an enraged man entering the hotel lobby, it seemed like he was Yuri Han's father. After a few minutes, Mr. Han was cornered by a group of men who looked to be a bunch of gangsters. They surrounded him as they held his arms to both sides, trapping him completely. Another man came into view, approaching Mr. Han aggressively as he shouted- it was President Myung-je Jin.



Samuel scrunched his eyebrows, signaling Jin-wook to pause the footage. "Do you know what he's saying?" he asked.

"The quality is not good, but I don't think he's saying anything important. But let me check for a bit. Hold on." Rewinding the clip a few times, he studied the screen carefully.

"They are telling him to return the stolen item immediately, and they will kill him if he doesn't."

President Jin grabbed Mr. Han by the collar and punched him across the face. Mr. Han fell from the impact, blood trickling down on the side of his mouth. As if by cue, the men surrounding him began assaulting him unceremoniously. There were other people present in the proximity, but no one seemed to be bothered by the commotion around them. No one was stopping anyone.

Samuel frowned. "In broad daylight, let alone this happened inside a hotel lobby, and yet no one tried to stop it."

"Things like these seem to occur every now and then in Jinseong City, based on what people told me. Isn't Jinseong known for its tourism and hospitality industries? Along with Jinseong Construction, Jinseong Hotel, nightclubs, restaurants, and everything- there is no such place where President Myung-je Jin






wouldn't be able to reach. And even if it was reported to the police, most of them are from the countryside, so it's going to take a while before they reach the place. Lee-in Bae, one of the most popular politicians in the country, also had his back. And truth be told, who would even dare to have the President arrested?"

Samuel was still watching the screen while Jin-wook spoke. President Jin dragged the beaten-up man to his feet. Mr. Han, who was covered in blood, tried to stir his body away and shouted at the president. The veins on his neck bulged from his screaming.

"What is he saying?"

Scrutinizing the footage, the staff's eyes widened. "He said to give his daughter back, over and over again."






Samuel stared at the screen, the scene rendering him speechless. Jin-wook watched with his mouth agape. Watching the screen intently, they concluded that Mr. Han knew- that the President sold his precious daughter.

What really transpired that day was not visible to the eye. Mr. Han knew exactly what happened to President Jin, when he came across with 'something' in the midst of finding his daughter. And Lee-in Bae himself participated in the murder.

Considering Lee-in Bae's tight relationship with the President, one would wonder why he suddenly turned on his ally, and it may be because of something that the both of them are involved in, which is probably?


Samuel shook his head from his thoughts as he stood up from his seat. "I have to meet Hyeon-ah Kim."



Looking up at the gray sky, Roy reckoned that the clouds look heavy in their wake, with raindrops falling soon after. Roy's brows furrowed in annoyance, clearly displeased with the gloomy weather. On climates like this, his productivity lowers to a minimum, and his muscles seem to be aching everywhere because of his age.



The rainy weather also reminds him of a certain memory he hated. He turned his gaze away from the window to look at Yuri's sleeping face instead, hoping to distract himself.

Looking at Yuri's face, the memory still lingered as if it was right in front of him; even the sound and smell that came with it felt tangible. He grabbed the pen and paper that the nurse left at the







bedside table and sat down. It was one of his effective habits, which helped him steer his mind away from unwanted thoughts. He started scribbling down onto the paper, the memory slowly disappearing as he was anchored back to reality.

He also enjoyed painting. Anything that required a paper canvas interested him greatly.

The door burst open. Roy looked up from the sudden intrusion, the scent of rain wafting inside. Roy frowned as the memory he tried so desperately to push out came surging back inside his head.

Samuel and a man stood at the door.

"Don't you have an umbrella?" Roy asked, eyeing the two men that were soaked in rainwater. Did he go out in the rain on purpose?

Ignoring Roy's question, Samuel nodded his head towards Yuri.

"She's still sleeping?"

"It looks like she's exhausted."

Samuel's expression darkened. "We need to talk."

The words didn't need to be said, since both men already had the same thought.

The hospital room where Yuri was confined was located on a floor that required special access. The floor itself only had one room, which catered mostly to private individuals like corporate presidents, politicians and superstars. The room also boasted a wide reception hall, dining and lounging areas where families, secretaries and bodyguards stayed.



"Do you smoke?" Samuel asked, seating down and taking a cigarette out of his front pocket.








Roy shook his head. "There are a lot of materials that are susceptible to burning inside the studio, so smoking is strictly prohibited, especially to the members."

"Alright. I will smoke one, please give me a moment." Samuel took off his jacket and placed it behind the sofa. When he put on a shirt, Roy noticed how muscular Samuel's body was. It reminded him of a model's body, in which artists pay for, in order to get sketches based on the models' posed form.

Roy opened the door to the balcony, and stared at Samuel's retreating form. He was reminded once again with the memory as the scent of rain filled his nostrils.

[I'm so tired of waiting.]

A whisper ghosted in his ear. Roy felt his hands trembling. He was in the same situation years ago. Did this man fight with Yuri? Or did he criticize her? Drive her away even?

It felt like Roy's throat was being strangled as the memory seeped into his head. He tugged the collar of his shirt, trying to loosen it so as to breathe properly. His neck feels like it's being constrained. He gripped the back of his neck with his left hand, his ring gleaming against his nape as he stretched his neck taut.

Samuel wasn't able to meet Hyeon-ah Kim. There was no sign of her around the vicinity she was living in. Even the old manager who knew her personally from a nearby store had no idea where she went. Looking for her proved to be difficult, since she was a woman who had no family and close friends.

What did Yuri and Hyeon-ah Kim talk about? What clues was she referring to? According to Jin-wook, she must have been in that very scene that day, that's why she's able to tell her that story. How much does Yuri know? How much does she remember?






Still, the parts related to Hye-yeon Jin were still unresolved.

The cigarette Samuel was holding to become soaked, after Samuel left it exposed under the rain, his thoughts drifting someplace else. Deeming the stick worthless, Samuel threw it to the side and took a new one from his pocket.

Roy sat on the sofa. He was scratching, grasping at his throat as if he's having allergy attacks. It looked like he's trying to rip his throat off, his nails biting at the soft skin, forming reddish marks on his neck. He repeated his actions over and over again. Samuel approached him, sitting right by his side.






"Hey! Are you okay?" Samuel asked, placing his hand on his shoulder. Looking closely, he could see beads of sweat forming on Roy's forehead. He squeezed his shoulder, making Roy look at him.

Roy then put his hands over his eyes. "No."

"You don't look very good. You look pale."

"I just don't like rainy days, that's all." Roy explained.

What an absurd reason! Samuel thought.

Roy still had his eyes covered. "I recalled a bad memory."

Samuel narrowed his eyes. "Do you have the same symptoms as Yuri?"



Roy didn't answer, lowering his hands from his eyes. He excused himself for a moment and went out of the room. Samuel took another cigarette and smoked, waiting anxiously for him to return. Roy went back inside after thirty minutes.

When dealing with negotiations, one party intentionally delays the time that one has, as to compose oneself and to come out with a clear mind. He hated having to wait, but this case was different.

The one who had regrets now was him.

Roy returned, seemingly having regained his composure. He sat across from Samuel. "I only have one question. After leaving Yuri alone for four years, what exactly are you doing now? I was told that you are already engaged to a great fiancée."

How did you know that?

"How did you know about my engagement?" Samuel asked.







"You're pretty famous, many articles pop up just by typing your name on the search bar," Roy said as if stating the obvious.

There seemed to be resentment in Samuel's gaze. What is it for? Is it because he left Yuri alone for years, or is it because he's shaking Yuri's life again? But even with that in mind, Samuel was still the one who was abandoned. He didn't even know that she was still very much alive.



"When Yuri met with me, she pretended to be someone else for some reason. And she suddenly disappeared. Also, the person who pretended to be Yuri was found dead, so of course, I thought Yuri was dead. I didn't know that she would still be alive like this under the name 'Yuri Han'." Samuel explained.

"Then how did you find Yuri?"

"On the day of my engagement ceremony at Hotel Seoin, I saw Yuri passing by while she's on the phone, saying something about a wrong hotel reservation. After I saw her alive, I started looking for her until I found her."

Listening to Samuel's side silently, Roy groaned.

"It was me Yuri was speaking to then," Roy said as he eyed Samuel carefully. "You both seem to have an unusual relationship." The words came out like a statement.

Unusual relationship ?

His words echoed in Samuel's mind making him wonder if he and Yuri frequently called each other. He returned Roy's watching eyes with equal intensity, not breaking his gaze. "Do you really have no idea what's wrong with Yuri?"










"She's always been like that ever since I met her," Roy said, closing his eyes as his mind drifted back to the past, recalling the events that transpired which brought him to Yuri.

"It was three years ago when I first met Yuri. It's been quite a long while since I plummeted down a depressing path that caused me to let go of my work. But my friend, the clinic's doctor, asked me to look at a picture. It was one of the artworks from the art therapy sessions he handled. He said that the drawing wasn't too complicated, and that he just wanted to run it by an expert. The pictures were indeed made by someone who was extremely talented, so I got curious. And I told my friend that I'd like to meet the person behind the paintings."



Roy paused, taking in a deep breath as he continued. "To be honest, I was really shocked when I met her, because she resembled someone I knew." He unconsciously fidgeted with the ring on his left hand, twisting it slightly over his knuckle. The subtle action didn't go unnoticed from Samuel's sight, he thought that maybe Roy was referring to his wife, who died thirteen years ago.

"Did Yuri resemble your late wife?" Samuel asked.

Roy was silent for a moment as if in deep thought. After a short while, he responded. "She resembled the woman I loved. Truth be told, Yuri is more beautiful than her. When I think of it, their eyes, noses and mouths are not really similar, but the aura that they exude is the same. The half-dead atmosphere," Roy said as he looked down at the ring Samuel was looking at earlier. "And this ring symbolizes my sin, for having killed the two women in my life."

"Symbolizes sin-" Samuel repeated Roy's words, and kept himself from saying anything more. He wanted the man to go on, to explain the meaning behind that horrid statement.









Roy took Samuel's silence as a signal to continue. "When we first met, she was just an ordinary Korean international student. I came across her a couple of times in my exhibitions. And soon after, I fell passionately in love with her despite having a fiancée whom I promised to marry. I was also sponsored by that family, and even with that thought in my mind, I couldn't bring myself to give up on her."

















Roy's storytelling painted a vivid picture of lovers in an untimely fate, and from there Samuel knew the choice Roy had made. He could almost see himself in Roy.

"I got married to my fiancée but continued latching on to the woman I loved, despite her wanting to break things off with me.

Who cares about marriage? It was her who I loved so deeply," Roy said, his eyes shining under the fluorescent.

The love that he had for the woman could be compared to a boy's complete devotion to a flower- too enamored with its beauty on the surface that he failed to notice the petals slowly withering away.


"But that was just my selfishness and arrogance, the fantasy I tried so hard to make a reality. The woman who was forced to stay with me started to break. Alcohol, drugs, attempted suicide. Her condition worsened as the days went by. I pushed her away every time problems bloomed between us, and added the fact that I'm also married to another woman. I was angry and I couldn't bear it."

Roy spilled out, shaking his head slightly so as to rid the sad memory.

Willing himself to calm down, he glanced at Samuel's tie. "Doesn't it feel tight?" he asked, motioning his head towards the tie.

Samuel blinked, caught off guard by the sudden change of topic. He was about to open his mouth when Roy spoke again. "My tie was twisted with a rope around her neck. It was the first gift she gave me. I'm not even sure where she found it since I'd completely forgotten all about it. Ever since then, I have been unable to use a tie unless it's for a formal occasion. I feel like I'm being choked whenever I wear one. Sometimes, I have even had seizures 'cos of







it. Fortunately for me, no one can actually boss me around to wear one because of my position. My doctor diagnosed me with PTSD."

Samuel imagined what the scene must have looked like. A woman with a cold, blue face hung up in the air, mouth slightly agape as the rope choked the life out of her. Her feet dangling from where she was suspended on the ceiling. A man walked inside, having no idea what happened until he saw it with his own eyes. He would've quickly gone to lift the woman off the ropes, his hands shaking violently in the process as he hugged her close to his chest. The body that lay in his arms was nothing but a lifeless shell. He was too late, the life it once held long gone.



Samuel could almost see it; the desperate man looked like the man in front of him, and maybe it would look like him too, in the distant future.


"Shortly after that, my wife smashed into a guardrail under the influence of alcohol. It happened on a rainy day just like today,"

Roy said as he looked out the window.

The rain poured steadily outside, the clouds above heavy in their wake.



"I later saw the diary left by my wife, and from there I knew what happened. The two had met before they encountered their deaths. I devoured and destroyed the souls of both women, and left them with nothing but misery."


Samuel's heart throbbed as the weight of Roy's actions came crashing down on him. Roy's past felt like a premonition- a foreboding to Samuel's own future. It was clear that he would be the one who would end up breaking Yuri.

Trapped with his musings, Samuel stayed silent as the gears in his head turned over and over.






Roy laughed with no hint of amusement. "Then it also rained the day I first took Yuri to the hospital." He straightened his back before continuing. "I almost emptied the bottle of medicine. I called for an ambulance and gave her first aid, and it felt like I was going crazy. From then on, Yuri became the person who's been receiving my utmost care, the atonement for my sins."

He would do everything for her which he was not able to do for both women. No fighting, criticizing nor driving her away. She would be showered with things like concern, consideration, and encouragement, things that weren't given to the two women. And he hoped that those displays of attentiveness would suffice and sustain the broken Yuri. He hoped that it would be enough.

Samuel now understood why he'd referred to himself as Yuri's partner and guardian. It really was difficult to name the relationship Roy and Yuri had over the course of three years.

"You saved her," Samuel said.

"I'm not sure about that," Roy said bitterly. "It didn't make it any better."









Roy let out a sigh as he continued. "My doctor and I tried so hard to bring Yuri's trauma out in the open but to no avail. It didn't make Yuri solely dependent on drugs, though. That's also why I brought Yuri here, to see if there's any sort of chance for recovery."

"Any guesses what's exactly wrong with Yuri?" Samuel asked.

No matter how hard you try to hide a part of yourself, it will always come leaking out in bits and pieces, since concealing it completely from the world is almost impossible. Three years was a long enough time, and Samuel felt sorry for Roy who had to endure those years watching Yuri's brittle fragments, but still coming up with nothing.



"Yuri's uncle hated talking about the past. All I know is that Yuri had problems similar to mine. And it was about you," Roy said, looking fixedly at Samuel.

Samuel blinked at Roy's words. "Did Yuri ever talk about me?"

"No. She didn't say anything but " Roy stopped, looking at Samuel in concentration, just like he did when they first met, and when they were seated side by side in the car.

"But	?" Samuel prodded.

"Yuri's art showed me you. She drew and made you." Roy answered.

As if doused in cold water, Samuel was suddenly on high alert, his heart thrashing violently in his chest. Yuri made me?!

Roy chuckled slightly, having no idea how edgy Samuel was. "In fact, it took me years to tell my doctor what I just told you now. Even though we went to the same high school, and we were






college roommates, it still took me a while before coming clean with him. It's probably easier with you because I saw your face every day."


Samuel raised his eyebrow, clearly confused. "What do you mean?"

"It's in my studio. You, made by Yuri under the name 'Apollo'." Roy shrugged.

'Apollo' was a life-sized relief, and the work that came with the carvings could not have been easy for Yuri. She had spent a year and a half stuck there, almost as if in torment. Roy's work 'The Heart of Apollo' was influenced by it.

Was it love that drove the other person into ruins?

Roy still remembered what Yuri looked like then- her face was filled with nothing but anguish and suffering, and from her distraught appearance, he didn't have any answer to his lingering
question. Didn't love entail overwhelming happiness from both parties?



The man in front of him resembled Yuri's expression from back then.



"I hope you don't make the same mistakes I did. For you and Yuri."

A long silence loomed between them, stretching endlessly as they basked in each other's company. Samuel was about to open his mouth when men in suits suddenly stood in front of them. A man who seemed to be the head came forward, bowing his head towards Samuel. It was Secretary Kang, the man who had served Chairman Seo for a long time.



"The Chairman has requested for you, as well as Secretary Jeong."








Samuel got up from his seat. "Is it Mrs. Go?"

"No. Director Yoon came in person."



She felt a small pressure on her hand as it was squeezed slightly. Her eyelids fluttered open upon contact. She blinked her eyes slowly, trying to make sense of her surroundings. Still in a dazed state, she was thrown off by a black figure- who seemed to be laughing incessantly as if taunting her.

She blinked hard one more time and took a deep breath, coming to a realization that such things didn't really exist, and that it was nothing but an illusion that her mind had made up. She couldn't tell how much time had passed, and her head felt like it is floating. Even with her clouded state, she had a clear thought in the front of her mind.



The memory has returned.

When she left the house that day, what happened, who she met, and what President Jin did ? The fog that was blurring her memories had lifted, like a veil that was pulled out from before her mind. The only thing she did not remember was Hye-yeon's death.

"Are you awake, Yuri?" A voice asked her, the tone lacing with concern and apprehension. Yuri couldn't believe her eyes, was she dreaming?


"Roy? Is it really you?" Yuri whispered.

"Yes, it's me." Roy confirmed.

"How? Why are you here?" Yuri asked as she tried to lift her head, the action making her dizzy as nausea kicked in. She squeezed her eyes shut.







"Don't overdo it. You've been lying down for almost five days," Roy said, guiding Yuri's head back to the pillows.

Five days? Is it another hospital? She looked around her surroundings and saw a tube protruding from her left hand, and a bandage wrapped around her arm.

Yuri shifted her attention towards Roy, looking at him with eyes filled with surprise, happiness and sorrow all in one. "How is your job in Japan going?"

"I halted it for the meantime. As for the reason why I'm here-" Roy stopped as he took a deep breath. "He called me here directly. Your 'Apollo'."

Yuri's brows furrowed in confusion.

















"What did he say?" she asked.

"He was getting worried since your coma took quite some time. And he asked me what happened when you were in America." Roy answered softly.

Yuri looked down at her hands and shook her head slightly. "I'm sorry for the trouble. He wasn't rude to you, was he?"

"Well, he was quite assertive, to be honest. But he seems like a great man. I was actually stunned at first since it was like seeing

Apollo in flesh." Roy chuckled.

Yuri agreed. "I was quite surprised too when I first met him without my memories." She really was surprised at how remarkably significant the man was.

The door slid open. Jin-ho, who was looking at a clipboard, raised his head and saw Yuri talking. He immediately called for a nurse to run some tests, and had a nutritional broth brought over.

Roy stared at Yuri's pale form while she slurped on the soup, taking in big gulps in an attempt to pacify her raging hunger. Having to rely only on IV fluids for the past few days had left her extremely famished. The nurse came in after a while and retrieved the empty tray, leaving abruptly to give them their privacy.

When the door closed with a soft click, Roy started talking. "Yuri, tell me about what you said the last time we talked. What did you mean by 'murder'?"

"My memories began to surge back gradually when I came to

Korea and lived with a man named Samuel Seo. My memories were only bits and fragments back then, and just like what Davis







said, the man I was with might have been the catalyst that helped me remember. Then-" Yuri stopped, pondering as she continued. "Then all my memories started to come back in perfect shape while I was still unconscious. I remember every single thing. What I initially thought was an accident was actually a murder. My dad was murdered," Yuri said as she fisted the sheets.

Roy's eyes grew wide. "How could this be-"

Yuri continued on. "Not only that, the people who murdered my dad also tried to murder me. I was kidnapped, and they might have something to do with why I lost my memories in the first place."


Roy was speechless. Murder and kidnap. Those two words felt heavy on his tongue. He didn't know how to fully grasp the situation Yuri was in. "Why did they try to kill you? And why did they murder your father?"


"It's because we had something on hand that would surely bring every one of them to their downfall."

"What was it?" Roy asked as he neared closer.

Yuri thought for a while as if choosing her words carefully. "A list of all the media, politicians, and prosecutors who are greatly involved in drugs, bribery, and prostitution."



At the announcement saying that they would be landing soon, with the fasten your seatbelts symbol blinking steadily, Jae-won took out his earphones and put them inside his pocket. He was back from his ten-day business trip to New York.

He went to Roy Jean's studio in New York to look at his works and signed a contract. He had initially planned the trip to last a full






week tops but used the 'enough' time he had to travel more in order to de-stress. Plus, the hotel room he was booked in was also vacant for the next few days, so he extended his trip for a short while.


Before coming back, he visited Roy Jean's studio once again. Jae-won figured that Roy Jean must be a man of great wealth, due to the fact that his studio had a separate exhibition hall, and the studio itself was the entire building located in Soho. Well, his work which Jae-won bought for Hotel Seoin was almost 10million dollars, so Roy Jean was definitely well off!



The exhibit that contained various works of several artists was spacious, providing an ample amount of space for people to walk around comfortably. The hall was calm, and only the small footsteps could be heard across the gallery. Jae-won only came here because he was curious. What kind of woman was Yuri? Why was Samuel so into her? He wouldn't be getting his answers just by looking at all the artworks, but he might as well look around since he's already here anyway.



Jae-won only managed to see the simple sketches that were done by Yuri. The catalog said that there's an art piece called Apollo, but he couldn't find it anywhere.

["I was captivated by Roy Jean's 'Apollo's Heart' back in Korea, and I heard that there's a work of art by his assistant with the same theme. I would like to see it, please." Jae-won had said.]

The employee bowed slightly, apologetically saying that the artwork he was referring to was placed somewhere private per the artist's request. However, he could not turn the customer away since Jae-won offered a hefty price of 10million dollars for the art piece. The employee then led Jae-won to one of the private rooms of the hall and explained the artwork dutifully.







[There were a lot of customers interested in this piece, but the artist won't sell it, no matter how much money she was offered..]

As soon as Jae-won stepped inside the room, and saw the artwork

'Apollo', the voice beside him faded into nothing, his focus solely on the relief in front of him. He stared at it intently, and he recognized that face so well.

"Jae-won!"

The recollection from seeing 'Apollo' was replaced by the sight of his mother, Jung-hee. Jae-won blinked rapidly as if he couldn't believe his own eyes. "Mom, what are you doing here at the airport?"


Mrs. Lee still looked youthful as ever. Although in her sixties she seemed to be in her forties. She was Samuel's aunt, daughter of Chairman Seo, and quite an exemplary personage in her own right.


Grinning happily as she looped her arm around Jae-won's. "I want to go on a date with my son, that's why."





Jae-won wondered what his mother was up to. Whenever she insisted on a 'date', it would most likely mean that she had something important to tell him.

"Should we have dinner together? What about Father?" Jae-won asked.



His mother shrugged. "He has a meeting to attend. Choose whatever you like."

Still startled by his mother's unexpected presence, Jae-won just nodded in agreement and led them out of the airport.

Jae-won brought his mother to one of his favorite Korean restaurants in the city. He told the server to set a table for two and were escorted inside. Sitting down, Jae-won teased his mom.

"You're buying this meal, right?"

"I have to buy dinner for my grown-up son?" She sneered.

"Come on!" Jae-won said as he raised his palms for emphasis.

"You're the daughter of the owner, while I still live on my monthly salaries."

Mrs. Lee regarded her son with a pitiful look.

After telling the server their orders, the food came shortly after. Jae-won's mouth watered at the various Korean dishes that were placed in front of them. He picked his spoon up in anticipation.

When he studied abroad, the variety of food was almost countless, and he could go months without eating Korean food. Now, he couldn't even last a few days without it, always craving for it wherever he was. He must be getting old.







Jae-won took huge bites of the tasty dishes, groaning in appreciation as the different flavors mingled on his tongue.

"Slow down, will you? You chew as if you haven't eaten in days." His mother remarked, pushing the glass of water towards her son.

Jae-won swallowed the food in his mouth before answering. "I ate well, but I was too preoccupied with the deal that I was basically shoving food down my throat without tasting it."

"Did the deal go well?" his mother asked as she picked at her food.

Jae-won nodded as he reached for the water. "Yes, it went well. Seeing it with my own eyes was quite an experience."

Mrs. Lee folded her arms on the table. "The art you just bought will surely double in price within a decade's time. The amateur artist has so much potential." She spoke as she wiped her mouth with a napkin. "Oh, by the way, did you see your brother?"

"I didn't have the chance since he was in Europe. Isn't Father expanding his business? He's been complaining a lot lately."

They kept each other updated with everything that's going on with their familial matters. They talked endlessly, throwing each other questions every time something piqued their interest.

When they finished eating their meals and the tea was served, Mrs.

Lee opened her mouth and asked unexpectedly, "Why aren't you dating anyone?"

Jae-won raised an eyebrow in confusion. "Why the sudden question?"

"Well, other guys your age are getting in trouble for dating too much, and yet here you are, no girlfriend in sight. I was wondering why."







"I was too busy so I had to break up with my previous girlfriend. I did have feelings for someone, but it didn't work out." Jae-won shrugged.


Mrs. Lee huffed at his response. "Why? I can't believe someone would say no to you. You're so flawlessly handsome and kind. You're my son after all."

"There are just some things we have no control over, I guess," Jae-won said nonchalantly. He had by now decided to overcome his feelings for Yuri and move on.

Mrs. Lee stared straight at her son "Do you see Si-yeon these days?"

"Si-yeon?" Jae-won repeated. "I met her before my business trip. What about her?"

"Don't contact her for the meantime," Mrs. Lee said sternly.

So this was what she wanted to say! He placed his teacup down and asked. "Why? What's up?"

"Samuel said that he doesn't want to get married anytime soon," Mrs. Lee said, massaging her temples. She's clearly stressed by the recent happenings. "He has someone else."

Jae-won just sipped from his teacup in response, completely unfazed by his mother's words.

When she noticed her son's insouciance, she drew closer. "You knew about this?"

"Well, yes."

"Then how come you didn't tell me?" She demanded, her voice slightly loud. Exasperated by her son's lack of communication, she






continued. "We could have discussed this and prevented it in advance."

Jae-won snorted. "Prevented it? Really? By preventing it you mean let grandfather do something again, just like what he did to Ji-ye

Kim?" he said sharply.

Mrs. Lee was taken aback by her son's straightforwardness. She composed herself, taking in a deep breath. "How did you-"

Jae-won cut her off. "After uncle passed away, I cleared out his pensions because Samuel didn't want to do it. Uncle's driver told me everything."


"Does Samuel know about this?" Mrs. Lee asked, fisting her knuckles in distress.

"I'm not sure, but I didn't tell him anything. Nothing good will come out of it, anyway. I also told the driver to keep his mouth shut."

Mrs. Lee released the breath she'd been holding. She shook her head slightly, trying to make Jae-won understand. "It's nothing like that. If we discussed it, we could've prevented Si-yeon from visiting your grandfather."


Jae-won blinked, surprised that Si-yeon took the matter right into her own hands. "Si-yeon? Not Mrs. Go?"

"Everything would have been much simpler if it was Mrs. Go. There would surely be room for compromise, but not with Si-yeon. She told Samuel to end it with his woman but of course, he didn't listen. You know how he is. He's always been so stubborn, and your grandfather is already so furious. Things are just a mess." Mrs. Lee whined dramatically.












"I mean, that's a different story. I'm not seven. I don't have to obey your command to not meet my friends because of a family issue."

"You know how your grandfather is. If he can't persuade Samuel, he would for sure use Si-yeon to his advantage." Mrs. Lee warned.

"You mean there's a chance that he'll manipulate me to degrade Si-yeon?"

Jung-hee didn't bother denying Jae-won's presumption. She knew how the chairman treated his two grandsons, and she knew that this was bound to happen. But it still felt unpleasant, hearing it being said out loud.


"Does this make sense to you?" Jae-won asked as he looked at his mother. He suddenly remembered the question he'd been meaning to ask. "What about Samuel's woman? Si-yeon and I are already treated this way, that woman though-"

"He would surely take action, especially when Samuel's being so uncooperative."








So strange ?

Yuri was sitting on her bed looking out the window. It had been two days since she'd recovered her memory. Forty-eight hours since she had walked through the horror called her past. And yet, the man who was by her like a shadow was nowhere in sight. Since the time she had regained her consciousness and memories, she hadn't seen Samuel. Nor did she see the assistant of Manager Choi. All there was as a mark to the pan was the group of guards stationed outside her door. Only Roy, Jin-ho, and select hospital staff and doctors were allowed inside.



Puzzled over the sudden turn of affairs, she had inquired about the need for this with Jin-ho. However, all she got as a reply was

"protection." Why did she need protection, she wondered. He didn't know about her regaining her memories, so how did he conclude as such?


Whatever! She shrugged the matter aside, it was neither the time nor place to brood over. She had instead used this alone-time to organize her thoughts, and that was how she spent her two days.

"How do you feel?" Roy asked. Those were his first words upon entering the room.

"I've mostly recovered. I want to leave this room right away."

Hospitals had always made her discomfited, she felt even worse that she should whenever she visited one. When it came to her, she felt it was a lot better outside than inside these places.

"You do look better. But it's strange that the man is gone. I mean-Apollo."











Roy also noticed Samuel's absence strange.

Yuri tried to act as nonchalant as possible. "I don't know. He is a busy man for sure."

"It's not that. When he left, the tension was quite serious."

"Huh?"

"Men in black suits took him away. They were courteous but also very demanding."

Men in black suits ? There weren't many people who could control Samuel Seo. For such a thing to happen ?

As Yuri's face turned a shade darker in fear, Roy felt the need to switch the topic. "There's nothing we can do, so let us not think too much. Worry about yourself first. What are your plans?"

"Since my memories are back, it's risky to act out anymore. The person that I have to face has gotten stronger, and he won't let me survive if I am nosy. I don't want him to get me like last time."

"Then?"

"I need to find the list. I'm not sure if it's still around and safe. But if I get to find it, I'll look for people that can help me in America. I don't want to run away from this. This is my responsibility. By the way, don't you have to wrap up your job? "

"Yes, I'm getting calls from Japan about it. How about this? You find the list with me and we go to Japan and then you return to

America? I'll try to look for people who can help you as well."

The task before her was no child's play. It was fraught with danger and she was ill-equipped to handle it alone. She was a lone-girl







without connections and means in her enemy's turf. However, she couldn't accept Roy's favour. She did not want to bring him trouble.

Roy seemed to have read her mind. "I'm fine. I don't know how powerful the villain is, but he can't manipulate an American like me." He reassured her, no matter what he was determined to be by her side at all costs.

"But-"

"There's no time for questions. You must escape before the guys find out about you."

He was right. The reason she was unharmed until now was that the enemy was oblivious to her presence. However, this was a ticking time-bomb. There was no way of knowing how or when she'd be discovered let alone the fate that would befall her when she came to it. So, right now, the best recourse was to quickly find the list and leave Korea.



"Or if we ask Samuel for some help-"

"No." Yuri firmly cut him off. "It can't be him."

"Why not?"

Roy was puzzled by her sudden rejection. From what he had seen up 'til now, Samuel was a man with means and power. And given

Yuri's situation, he was her best bet. And yet, here she was ?

"-¯He was the start of everything."

Initially, when she had set out to analyze and deduce the whole thing, she could not understand what the list was about. Her father had toed the line President Jin had drawn him for years, only to one day defy him? It didn't make sense. Why had he put his hands on something like this and so out of the blue?






However, when she think about it, everything had fallen into place. He must have been devastated upon seeing the contract Myung-je Jin and she had signed.

Yuri's father Su-won Han met President Jin when she was in fourth-grade. That was also when her mother was in her deathbed. It was all nice before that. They were a loving family, her father had a steady job and there was happiness. Myung-je Jin was the CEO of a company that incidentally offered Han his stable job. Soon, their world was shrouded with darkness and the happy family of three was shoved into misery. Her mother was diagnosed with a fatal disease, and the mounting treatment costs were burying her father. It was then that Jin had loaned him some money. Alas, it seemed like they were destined for a life of desolation. Her mother passed away and Han not only lost his job but was also bankrupt. It was at this forlorn juncture that Jin had tossed a choice at him-either sell his kidneys or work for him.



Of course, her father chose the latter.






That's how his Yuri's father's in Jin-seong began, but it wasn't all that bad. The diligent man he was, he soon got used to his work. Yuri was also a hardworking student, wise beyond her age. There was one thing she did worry about- pursuing an education in art was quite expensive. Not only the materials but also the competitions and the lessons were not something her father alone could handle.



The same went for college. Loans and scholarships were not enough to cover the tuition and miscellaneous fees of the prestigious private school. Thus, Yuri worked part-time as an art tutor during the semester and at the hotel during the break. Even so, she was short of money.



Indeed, the father provided for the daughter. And Yuri was aware that the money he made was not through honest ways. Nonetheless, she remained silent.

Thankfully, she built a great carrier and was acknowledged by

Korea's most renowned professor. She successfully grasped the chance to study abroad, so sooner or later she'd be able to pay back the money she had received from her father.

However, the world was not full of mercy. Everything had spiraled in an instant, and she was demanded to pay off the family debt that she had ignored for long. History had repeated itself, and President Jin had tossed her a choice as well- sell her kidneys or give up her body. And just like her father, she had chosen the latter.



She contemplated and even blamed Samuel when she was drunk, but she didn't mean it. Myung-je Jin was the one who was evil; she and her father were also culpable for gambling with fishy money.







It seemed like fate was ridiculing her. The relationship, the attraction, the emotions ?. She couldn't act like nothing had happened and rely on him any longer. She had to take the final responsibility. That was the decision she had come to during these two days in the hospital.



"How are you feeling?"

Late at night, Yuri was startled at the unexpected visitor. How is this man ?. The man in front of her was Jae-won.

"Jae-won Lee? How did you come-"

"I was asked by Samuel."

"Asked ? by Samuel?"

"He rarely asks for favours but it's quite a complicated situation. Samuel is being watched, so he can't leave the house. His people are all being watched as well. That's why I came instead. We need to leave right now. You can walk well?"

Jae-won was sincere unlike his usual self, so Yuri nodded. He handed her a shopping bag that had some clothes and a pair of shoes.


"I'll wait outside while you get changed."

What was going on?

When Yuri emerged wearing the new clothes, Jae-won was having a conversation with the guard.

"- Three days would be enough. Just make it appear like she's still in the hospital. Jin-ho will act along too."

The guard looked sincere as he nodded.







Jae-won brought Yuri to the underground parking lot. They took an elevator that did not stop at the lobby, so there was nobody who noticed the two. As soon as they got into the car, he started to drive.


"Where are we going?" Yuri cautiously asked.

"Somewhere safe."

"Why the need?"

Jae-won hesitated. "Our director, I mean, Samuel and my grandfather, is an extremely dangerous man."

"How is this relevant?"

"You know how in Korean dramas, the wealthy moms just toss an envelope with cash or spray water? Unfortunately, our grandfather is not as gentle."

"I mean ? what does that have anything to do with me-"

"Samuel refused to marry Si-yeon. The whole family is in shock."

Yuri was stifled, she couldn't breathe. What did he mean he refused to get married? However, Jae-won did not say more. When they stopped at a red signal, he reached behind to offer her a blanket.


"Try to take a nap. We still have a long way to go." Like always, he was thoughtful and courteous.

"Roy will come in the morning."

"Oh, Roy's in Korea? I'll explain everything to him. I just came back from America after signing a contract for his work, so I would like to meet him in person."






How could this person be so casual? Yuri tried to shun her confusion as she questioned him.

"- When did you learn about me?"

"It hasn't been long. Until then I thought you were Hye-yeon Jin. I was surprised, but you must have had your own reasons. I'll listen to the full story later." Jae-won flashed a bright smile, his way of telling her not to worry.

The car accelerated on the highway and a couple of hours later, they arrived at a countryside pension.

Jae-won told Yuri to get out first before he parked the car. He opened the trunk and took out the water bottles and groceries. There was also a shopping bag with clothes. Yuri helped him carry the things.


"You need to stay here for a day or two. It's not owned by Samuel so Grandfather wouldn't know about it. The owner of this house will protect you. Samuel is considered to be one of Grandfather's people, so he can't get involved in this."

"Won't everything end if I just go back to America? I don't want to drag out my relationship with Samuel. I have no thoughts of getting married to him either."

"That ? is not that easy. Grandfather is a dangerous and stubborn man who never gives up. In that sense, Samuel resembles him a lot."




Jae-won opened the steel door in haste. The sensor light turned on and brightened up the classically-designed living room. There was not a soul in this plush place, but the couch and the appliances appeared to be in good shape.

He then started to unpack in the kitchen. "Water, electricity, and gas are all good to use. There's a sensor on the outer walls, so if someone touches it or goes as much as near it, the windows will automatically shut down and the alarm will go off. The windows are all bulletproof, and I heard the steel door is potent too, and it won't let anyone in unless it's unlocked with the master key."

"Just like a fortress." She remarked.

"I heard that the owner is very sensitive about security. I guess that's why he was so positive that you'll be safe in here."

Once he had filled the refrigerator with the things he had brought over, the two went to take a look around the house. He flinched at the sight of a silhouette of an animal in front of the living room. Yuri was surprised at the unexpected sight as well. She didn't know
Sebastian would be here. Jae-won amusedly examined the taxidermized dog.

"Do you know this dog?" Yuri asked.

"Of course I do. He's a dog that Samuel used to be very fond of." came his reply.

"Why is Sebastian here?"

Jae-won paused for a second before hesitating to say, "Samuel han-handed it to me to keep for a while."









Though she found his reply unconvincing, Yuri proceeded to ask the things she was most curious about, "If he was so fond of him, shouldn't he have cremated or buried it? Not stuff it like this?" Yuri argued in a slightly hostile tone.

He considered her words for a moment. "I felt the same when I first heard that he'd stuffed the dog. But after examining his leg today, I think I know what he was thinking. Samuel wanted to fix

Sebastian's leg."

"His ? his leg?" It was quite an unexpected answer.

"His hind leg was almost crushed while he was hunting. Everyone said he should be put down since he wouldn't be able to live long, but Samuel disagreed to this. The dog went through a couple of surgeries but still wasn't able to stand properly. He spent the rest of his life in bed, and Samuel constantly took care of him. He even dealt with the feces himself."



"Samuel did so himself?" She was visibly stunned. She had never thought that the cold and arrogant scion of the Seo Group had such a side to him.

"I couldn't believe it either until I saw it with my own eyes. How could a man be this devoted!" He shrugged his shoulders. He could understand her incredulity, given the infamous nonchalant aura that his cousin perpetually emanated, but he was a witness to his veiled, gentle side.



Devoted ?. It was a strange choice of word for the man she knew-the one who dealt with things in a cut throat manner. However, now that she thought about it, it was actually Samuel who'd jumped into the river to save her life, took care of her when she was unconscious, and the one to embrace her when she was having a panic attack in the middle of the road. When she pitted this side of him with his usual indifference, she seemed to have






realised there was another side to the man that she had failed to consider.

What once used to push her to despair, she viewed it today with whole new eyes. Gazing into Sebastian's glass eyes that still felt alive, his straight limbs, a picture on the relentless Samuel meticulously tending to the bedridden canine emerged in her mind. She was aware that someone had been affectionately taking care of her while she was unconscious. The touch was very gentle yet intimate.



Was he the same with Sebastian? Perhaps it's his way of expressing love ?

Jae-won looked at Yuri, then spoke up. "It shouldn't be news to you, but Samuel's marriage is not simply a marriage. It was a collaborated project with Dae-jin. The penalty is incredibly steep.

And it's not only just money, but stocks of eight different companies depend on this. Still, Samuel is willing to risk it all and give up the marriage. All for you, Miss Han."



Jae-won insisted that she lock the door properly before he left. All alone now, Yuri sat on the couch and looked at Sebastian.

I'm sorry that I said I don't want to see you.

It wasn't you that I didn't want to see. I saw my low self-esteem through you ?. That's why ?.

Still, Samuel is willing to risk it all and give up the marriage. All for you, Miss Han.

To live with you, Miss Han.

Jae-won had added.







The words that lingered in her ears, simultaneously reminded of what Samuel had said to her four years ago.

After the contract ends ? no ? ignoring the contract and living with me anyhow.

Yuri let out a deep sigh. She had yet to recover and all this sudden influx of changes had unconsciously exhausted her. She lay her head on the couch, and before she knew it fell asleep.

One didn't know how much time had passed, but she was awoken by the sound of the opening and closing of the main door.






Is it the landlord that was supposed to come in two days?

"Who's there?" She called out.

"It's me."

Samuel?

The silhouette in the darkness was definitely Samuel's. Wasn't he locked in the house?

Yuri was startled as she elevated her body. "How did you come here? Jae-won told me you couldn't leave the house-"

"I was just playing along with Grandfather. I'm not a child ? I can leave whenever I want."

He gradually came near. It was the first time seeing his face properly in two weeks. Yuri was stunned at the visible scratch above his right eye.

"What happened to your face?"

"This?" Samuel replied ever so nonchalantly. "I got hit by a picture frame thrown at me. He sponeously throws things when he's mad. "


Their eyes locked. What did they have to say? What were they supposed to say? Their gaze meant a lot of words.

Without a preamble, Samuel offered his hand. "I missed you."

If things hadn't gone wrong, these were words she would have heard from him upon his return from a business trip. They have digressed a long way.







"Also ? I'm sorry." He added, without averting his gaze.

"Don't worry about it. My words were very offensive too." She hurriedly replied, she was thinking he meant that night.

"No, I mean ? about everything from the beginning."

She didn't know what to say. She simply blinked, he went on.

"I was attracted to you since I first saw you. You lingered in my mind. When I saw you with another guy at school, I had a strong urge to possess you. So I sent you a monster, without knowing that it would ruin your father, you, and ? everything."

"How did you know-" Yuri's lips quivered, her eyes welled up with tears threatening to stream down any moment.

Samuel cringed in pain. "I'm so sorry. This is all my fault. I regret that I said I want to have you beside me after I marry Si-yeon.

You're the one I want to marry and spend the rest of my life with."

Yuri let out a painful scream as she burst into tears. The emotions she had withheld after recovering her memory had finally exploded. She couldn't control her tears anymore. She hated him because she couldn't hate him when she wanted to. She shouldn't have looked back at him but she did. She should have rejected him but she didn't.



Samuel pulled her into his arms. She tried to escape, but he closed his eyes and had her glued to him. She bawled in his embrace. She let out every single sorrow she had kept within. He contuinously caressed her back and stroked her hair.

When his shirt was soaked with tears and snots, a husky voice sounded.








"-I'm going back to America with Roy. I won't be coming back ever again. So ? you can marry Miss Yoon like you had originally planned."


"End of discussion for that. I'm not marrying Si-yeon." His tone showed that he had burnt that bridge for good.

"You should. I just want to leave here." She insisted. All his troubles were now because of her, so when she left he should be able to settle the storm.

"I'll do everything for you but this." His voice was stern and decisive. "I will never give you up."

"What's so special about me ? Why are you going through all this just for me?" She was neither rich nor extraordinarily beautiful. In comparison to Si-yeon, who was a fairy, she was a commoner.

What was so charming about her that this man was stuck to her?

He held her hand and placed it on his chest. She could feel his heart pounding. His deep eyes gazed into her face. He carefully kissed her eyelid.

"Because I love you."

Love?

What was love anyway? Was it heading the wrong direction even though she was totally aware of her mistake?

He drew closer, their lips met. Their tongues longed for each other's. His tongue glided through her teeth and dove into her mouth. The emotions that surged her now, she who had wondered about his feelings for her, had forgotten to realize her own towards him. She was awash with sensations, her heart ached at the realization.









The kiss lasted a long time. They were holding on to one other, trying to reassure one other ? afraid of losing the other.

Once he had withdrawn his lips, Samuel's eyes ignited with desire. "-May I hug you?"

It was the first time he had asked for permission. She could feel a hint of caution and nervousness underlying his words. He must still feel remorseful ?

What should I do with you? It was the last time she would be seeing him anyway. She wanted to let him do whatever he wanted. Or maybe, she herself wanted it too. She stared into him and nodded her head.


"Okay."













He let out a sigh of relief as he pulled her into his chest, and pressed his face against her shoulder. He attacked her neck with relentless kisses, his lips glided along the expanse of her throat, chin and the apples of her cheeks. It was as if he's committing her to memory, taking in every inch of her his lips could reach. He tightened his grip around her waist, securing her to him as he placed a lingering kiss onto her collarbones. Yuri stifled a giggle, slightly ticklish.



Samuel's hand made its way under her shirt as he fondled her breast, his face still tucked against her neck. Yuri could feel how hot his breaths were getting.

He pulled his face away and captured Yuri's lips with his own. Their mouths fused together in a searing kiss as Samuel's hand smoothened her back, fidgeting on the clasps of her bra as he unbuckled it, and took it off with one swift motion. He then sucked on her neck, and Yuri was so dazed with his ministrations that she didn't notice that she was slowly stripped of her garments until she was entirely naked in front of him.



Samuel then pulled his shirt above his head, took off his pants and tossed his clothes to the side. He pushed Yuri on her back gently as he hovered above her, with eyes glowing with lust. Their limbs snaked around each other, no inch of space between them as they resumed their kisses.



Samuel broke the kiss as they fought to catch their breaths. He then drove straight to her chest and sucked on her breasts, making Yuri gasp in surprise. She felt Samuel's tongue sliding on her nipples, smearing wetness across her chest as she let out a soft moan. She placed her hands onto his hair, threading it with her fingers as Samuel licked and sucked like a man dying of thirst.







Her breaths became heavier, panting softly at the immense bliss Samuel provided. She squirmed below him, and rubbed her legs against his. Samuel's hand squeezed her hips, and slid his hand slowly towards her center.

"Oh!" Yuri puffed as she felt his hand land directly on her mound, shivering at the unexpected touch. She was already wet, ready for release. Samuel nudged her legs wider with his knees, and settled himself between her legs. He wasn't in a hurry, taking his time as he caressed her calves and knees- the spot where Yuri felt most sensitive about.



She flinched for a second, her wound-up body releasing its tension. Samuel grinned when he felt Yuri opening her legs even wider, and gave her a soft kiss into her cheek as his digits fingered her clit.


"Ahh."

He skimmed her wetness with probing fingers as Yuri trembled shakily beneath him. Her clit felt like it was on fire, already burning to the touch. Samuel scooted downwards until he's face to face with her privates, his tongue pushing past her wetness and prodded incessantly around her cavern.

Yuri wasn't able to stifle her moans, her whimper growing louder by the second. Her body was melting under his. Samuel grabbed her legs and placed it on his shoulders, situating it in an angle that he wanted, still licking, sucking at her wet skin. A blush bloomed across Yuri's cheeks, seeing her body open and willing with Samuel's head in between. It was so intimate, so sexual that it made her even more aroused than she already was. She was shaking like a leaf at this point, and her body reached its high, her orgasm took over in waves. It had been a while since that happened.









Samuel continued to kiss her while she panted, already on the verge of tears at Samuel's blatant display of affection. The guilt that she used to feel after sex began to disappear.

"You're wet." Samuel muttered as he stared at her entrance. Even her entrance was just as beautiful, he thought. He pushed one slender finger into her, the tightness she provided exciting him completely. She writhed at the intrusion, making Samuel chuckle as he pushed another one, scissoring two fingers inside her.

Yuri clasped on his shoulders, squeezing it as she uttered. "Samuel.. Samuel.."

She moaned his name repeatedly, hoping that he would understand what she needed. She was wanton and ready for something bigger, thicker than his fingers.

Samuel smirked at how Yuri was behaving. He knew what she needed, but he wanted to hear it with his own ears. "Tell me what you want. I want to hear you say it."

Yuri looked at him in disbelief. She couldn't believe she needed to voice it out. However, Samuel remained resolute in his request. He wanted to have her full consent. After a few seconds, Yuri pushed her shyness away and obliged. "I want you inside me."










Her cheeks were red when she said it, still so timidly shy in front of Samuel. She wrapped her arms around his neck and placed a tender kiss there. Samuel rubbed his penis against her folds before pushing into her in one fluid movement.

"Oh!"

Samuel was deep inside her core. She felt so full of him. He looked at her fluttering eyes, and kissed her right on the lips. "Feeling good?"


She nodded shakily, and wound her legs around his torso. "More."

She would give herself to him without a second thought. The simplicity of her request ignited the beast inside of him as he went on a neck breaking pace, thrusting in and out of her like a piston. His hips moved against her continuously, groans emitting from his throat.



Yuri shivered at the onslaught of pleasure brimming all over her body. She could feel him so deep inside her as she moaned unashamedly loud.

"Oh, Oh!"

She felt the pool of heat simmering in her belly, and she's about to reach her peak any second now. Samuel abruptly stopped his thrusts, making Yuri breathe in hitched breaths. "Ha- ha."

Samuel exhaled as he adjusted his position, and pushed into her once again so strongly they reached their climax.

Yuri closed her eyes, completely swept away by the overwhelming ecstasy. Samuel situated his elbows on either side of her head, and stroked her hair gently. This was the first time he waited for






Yuri, and it was worth it. He felt himself growing hard again, but he did not ask for more but a kiss on the lips. He held back because he respected her boundaries, pulling her into his chest instead.

They basked in their sweet embrace, Samuel stroking her back absentmindedly as Yuri spoke. "It would've been much nicer if we met some other way." She rubbed her cheek on his chest. It was something she wanted to say for a long time.

She had pictured it in her mind so many times, only if they could go back to the day they first met.

She continued, "You'd go to an exhibition where my artwork was displayed, and you'd ask for the artist while looking at my art. You'll fall in love with me the moment you see me, then you'll ask me out on a date." Yuri chuckled, shaking her head slightly. After a few seconds, her smiles died down as she let out a small sigh, and muttered silently. "Then none of this would have happened."

Yuri buried her face into his chest, and spoke against his skin. "The day I ran away, I received a package, and I thought it was a gift from you. But once I saw what was inside, I instantly knew something was wrong."


"It was a list of crimes committed by Jin and In-bae Lee." Samuel said.



Yuri raised her head, her eyes wide as she stared at him. "How did you know?"

"I snooped around. A former employee of Hotel Jin-seong had the camera footage. The one with your father."

"Can you show it to me?" Yuri asked.











"I don't think you should watch it. It won't do you any good." Samuel said in a sure voice, tucking Yuri's hair behind her ear.

Yuri gathered her thoughts. "Once I saw it, I knew in an instant that something had happened to my father. I knew what the documents meant, and they were sent to me on purpose. I tried to call my father when the Jin-seong police department called me. They said that there was an accident, and that I should confirm his identity. Before I went to the police station, I asked my uncle to come to Korea and hide the documents, just in case I needed to blackmail Jin. And when I was in front of the station.. I was kidnapped."



At the word kidnap, Samuel's eyebrows furrowed, his fists clenched the sheets tightly. Yuri went on, "When I woke up I was inside an old building. It seemed to me like Jin used to make drugs, but I don't really remember if that was the case. At first, Jin tried to convince me to his side, but when I didn't agree to it, he drugged me. I don't have much memories of that day, so I only realized that I was addicted to drugs when I went back to America."

Yuri said, her words tumbling one after the other as she let her words out. She started sweating upon remembering the traumatic event that changed her life. Her mind drifted back to the past, when the injection she's not familiar with was shot into her veins, and the pain that followed soon after. It was a disturbing tale, and Samuel bit his lips red, trying to reign in his anger that was bubbling on the surface. He stroked Yuri's face with his thumbs.

"I don't remember anything much after that. I think I was hoping for a chance to ask help from Hye-yeon. She was the only person in Jin-seong who would be able to help me. This is what I'm sure of:

Someone murdered Hye-yeon, and drowned her in the lake. And the person who planned my father and Hye-yeon's death was none other than In-bae Lee."








"Weren't President Jin and In-Bae Lee on the same boat? Why did Hye-Yeon Jin-"

"No, they weren't on the same side. They were estranged since the

Star Road incident. And it seems like In-Bae Lee didn't want anything to do with it, getting rid of all the data that contained his involvement."


The list and books owned by President Jin would benefit In-Bae Lee greatly since he was planning to run for the next presidential election. In-Bae Lee must have hoped to deal with President Jin one way or the other since the trust they once shared had already been broken due to the Star Road case, which led to both Yuri's father and Hye-yeon's unfortunate deaths.

Yuri shut her eyes tightly, tears streaming down her cheeks. Samuel pulled her into a tight embrace as he wiped her tear-stricken face with his fingers.

Her shoulders were shaking slightly. She pulled from his embrace as she looked at him, speaking in a thick voice. "I can't forgive the man who killed my father and Hye-Yeon. I can't allow him to become president when he had done all those dirty things and killed a man to cover it up. I'm going to destroy him, whatever it takes!"



"Let me do it for you," Samuel whispered softly.

Yuri shook her head. "I'll do it myself. And from the Seoin Group's perspective, In-Bae Lee is the best choice to become the next president. I hope you don't give up on something just because of me. The same goes for marriage, too."










Yuri was firm in her stance, genuine concern evident in her voice. The burdens they were facing were weighing her down, and her own problems were already overwhelming, to begin with.

"Do I look like someone who gives up easily?" Samuel asked.

Yuri looked down and shook her head. With her head filled up with thoughts, she knew that letting him in would only entail consequences on his part, and he would surely suffer from it. Samuel wanting to help was already enough for Yuri.

However, Samuel remained resolute in his stance. "And even if I lose something, that would never compare to everything that I've lost in the last four years," he said, trying to make her see the meaning behind his words.



His eyes fluttered open and scanned the room as he heard a faint sound coming from the outside. He let the sunbeams shine directly on his face, his silhouette casting on the wall. He had a good sleep after a few days of pure chaos, so deep that he didn't notice Yuri slip out of his arms. He quickly went out of the room and followed the sound.



"What are you doing?" Samuel asked as he entered the kitchen.

A mouth-watering smell wafted through the air, along with the crisp sound of the sizzling, simmering from a cooking pan.

"I got hungry so I'm preparing a quick meal," Yuri said, turning the burner down before facing Samuel. Her gaze zeroed in on the wound around his eyes, the bruise appearing bigger and swollen under the bright fluorescent light. "Does it hurt?" she asked.

"It's all right. It's just a little tear, that's all. Don't worry about it." Samuel reassured as he gazed at her fondly. He gulped silently as his






mind wandered elsewhere, his eyes trailing down Yuri's form. He was completely sidetracked by the woman in front of him, and it seemed like he needed water to pacify his raging thirst.

Yuri, who had no idea what was going on inside Samuel's mind, smiled in his direction. "I'll prepare you some food. Sit down."

Samuel obediently followed, sitting down as Yuri prepared the table. It was the first time he saw Yuri doing something in the kitchen, and it was a sight to behold. Someone else had prepared the food and did the chores when they stayed together a while back, so he was quite enthralled to see her preparing everything by herself. She prepared a simple meal, but it was delicious nonetheless.



"Do you know how to cook?"

"I can do the basics because I lived with my father. I think I've lived off side dishes."

Samuel spooned out a hefty amount of stew from the pan and placed it on his plate. He quickly munched down on the dish as

Yuri fidgeted on her spot. "How does it taste?"

"This is delicious, Yuri," Samuel said, smiling at her.

"The rice was from an instant pack, though. Jae-won prepared this and that." Yuri answered, pointing at the ingredients.

"It doesn't matter." Samuel waved her off as he finished the meal prepared for him.

After the meal, Yuri placed the empty dishes into the sink. She turned the faucet on and grabbed the plate, and a sponge on one hand. She was about to wash the dishes when Samuel hugged her from behind, she let out a small squeak.







"I'll go home tomorrow," Samuel said.

Yuri blinked. "Tomorrow?"

"I told you. This is all over. All I have to do now is to meet up with Si-yeon Yoon and arrange the compensation."

"Will this be resolved quickly?" she asked, lowering the plate onto the sink.

Samuel turned Yuri's waist. They were now facing each other as he placed his hands on either side of her.

I said I wouldn't do it even if I died, what would he do? His son is in such a good condition now, look at him. A son would have been better than a grandson.

"So that's why-" Yuri muttered as she traced the wound on Samuel's eye with her fingertips. Why do people care so much about the cuts on their skins?

Samuel snaked his arms around Yuri's waist, pulling her close as he hugged her. He placed a tender kiss on her temple. "I wasn't as strong as I used to be. I thought it would take a little more time, so

I've really prepared myself."

"Prepared yourself?" Yuri asked, looking up at him.

"I'm preparing to be the president."















It was a heavy word, and equally heavy responsibilities came with it. The position had always been Samuel's, so he was not really coveting it nor did he show keenness, since the position would undoubtedly be his when the time comes. However, it seemed that the time could be shortened a little to keep this woman by his side. He was going to call the people he had gathered while he was still a business manager, and the framed picture of his face would be the last courtesy to his grandfather.



Do as you please.

He's not sure what storm was about to take place. The consent of his grandfather was relatively easier than what he had prepared for. And even if he wasn't given the consent, the situation of both

Si-yeon and Daejin Group was still his responsibility.

"Just wait until I fix everything," Samuel said after a lingering silence.

Yuri didn't say anything after that. She wasn't crying, she wasn't pushing him away, and that was enough for Samuel. He wound his arms around her even tighter as he engulfed her in his embrace.



Lawyers from both sides were present in the meeting. Si-yeon frowned as soon as she stepped inside at the sight of Samuel's handsome face sullied with a scratch on his eye. It was like a dent on a sculpture-like face. What a waste!

"What's wrong with your face?" Si-yeon asked as he neared her.

"It was hit by the frame the president threw." Samuel shrugged and nonchalantly answered.







"You would've avoided it if you're fast enough," Si-yeon said, folding her arms.

"You are right." Samuel agreed. And she was right indeed. If he didn't take care of everything, the woman next to him would eventually get hurt, taking the fall for his actions.

Concerned that she was, she couldn't help but still feel upset that he was covering up for someone, and right in front of her face, too.

"I didn't know you'd be with someone like that," Si-yeon commented.

"I didn't know you'd come here yourself, either. I thought Mrs. Yoon would come on your behalf." Samuel responded.

"My mom doesn't know about it, yet. If she finds out, she's going to find Yuri Han and grab her by the hair. I hate it, and I don't want any more noise about this issue. My mom started it, but I'm going to finish it since it's still my engagement," Si-yeon said with finality to her voice.



"Okay. Let's get right into it then. I've already signed it in advance,"

Samuel said, glancing at his lawyer.

He took out the documents he had prepared and handed it to Si-yeon's lawyer.

"You managed to say yes this time," Si-yeon said, eyeing Samuel.

"Well, the result is the same either way."

Si-yeon straightened her back as she asked the question she'd been meaning to ask. "Let me ask you one thing. When did the relationship between you two start?"









"We met five years ago, but we broke up for a while four years ago." Samuel answered.

"How so?" Si-yeon asked curiously.

"Si-yeon Yoon, you and I are pretty much the same."

Si-yeon raised her eyebrows. "What do you mean?"

"I don't see you as an enemy. So do me a favor and don't change the subject by asking me such questions. I hate wasting my time, and I'll answer only because I owe you debt."

'What a temper this guy has. I wonder how Yuri Han would be able to handle such a temperamental man.' Si-yeon thought.

"Well, what are you planning to do next?"

"That's a question that you don't need to ask since you're already sitting here." Samuel remarked.

"I'll do everything, should you want to fix what we have," Si-yeon said, trying to make Samuel understand the situation they were in.

"Why? Did we have a bad relationship?" Samuel asked, waiting for her answer.

"We need each other. We can be so much more if we are in this together. I'm not asking for anything big, am I? I never asked you to love me. All I'm asking for is a civil, amicable partnership." Si-yeon stated, her voice unwavering.

It wasn't a relationship that stemmed from love; it was a relationship that benefitted each other's interests. Si-yeon never loved anyone with her heart, so she could not understand the predicament Samuel was in.










Samuel sighed. "I'm done with thinking about what I would or would not gain from this. There's so much for me to lose than we'll ever gain together."

What the hell is love that seems to be so powerful that it has made this man, who is firm and cool-headed more than anyone else, lose control? Si-yeon couldn't understand his frustrations and envied the woman who was showered with such unwavering love.

Her lawyer brought the documents that had been read and reviewed thoroughly. Si-yeon skimmed over the files handed to her, speaking flatly as she leafed through the papers. "I had a bad dream last night. I dreamt that I was trying to make money like this," she said it as if she couldn't believe it.

"I'm sorry. I wanted to apologize for putting you in such a position,"

Samuel said while Si-yeon was signing the papers.

Si-yeon smoothened the papers with her hands. "If that's the case, I will apologize in advance. My mom won't let this go. She will be quite a handful."

Samuel nodded. "I'll take care of it."

"All right then." Si-yeon forced a small smile and stood up from her seat.



Of all the mountains he had to climb, Si-yeon Yoon was by far the easiest hurdle he had to jump over. Is Mrs. Yoon the next mountain he has to face? The press would surely be next. The announcement of the breakup should be timed with the purchasing of the shares.



Samuel's phone rang from his pocket. He took it out and saw it was Jae-won. "What's up?"








"Brother, I am here with Roy Jean at the villa," Jae-won said on the other line.

Roy Jean? Come to think of it, Jae-won said that he would meet him today to explain the situation. Samuel abruptly stood up from his seat, suddenly feeling anxious.

"And?" Samuel prodded.

"There's no sign of Yuri."

"What?" Samuel asked agitatedly.

"Yuri is gone."

Goddammit! Samuel gritted his teeth as he closed his eyes, breathing in deeply with his nose.






The situation on the checkerboard was intense, the game heavily leaned towards the black stones. The old man, playing black, spoke to his opponent sitting opposite him.

"Isn't it time to throw the stones away? This situation, no matter how much you look at it, is peculiar."

"I do not know. I think I can still play a few more moves. I'm not sure I can finish it, but I'll try to get it done."

The opponent holding the bag was Secretary Kang who had supported Chairman Seo for decades. He carefully laid down his white between two black stones.

"Oh! Will you try to make it? Finally, your dark intentions have been revealed. So, you dare treat me as an old man in the backroom, right?"


Even at the age of eighty, his eyes were sharp, a striking resemblance to Samuel's. No, the expression- that Samuel resembled him, would be more accurate. No matter what others said, Samuel was his grandson in body and soul.

Secretary Kang replied, waving his hand. "An old man in the backroom? You're being too harsh on yourself."

"Don't be shy, you know you're in the same place as them. I knew right away that Samuel, who has always been his own, would not listen to me from the moment he talked nonsense.

"But what are you thinking about when he's crazy about that woman and he's even thinking about putting a knife in my back?

Do you want me to be stabbed to death from the knife? Jung-ga and Yoon-hee have grown up with Samuel since childhood, but







who are the other guys? Especially you, are you implying that Samuel will live longer than me, so you'll follow him? So I'll take care of this. Fine then, how did I get you guys together?" Chairman Seo turned black with rage.



"Have you heard anything from Jung-ga? How can a person affect Samuel so much that he is this livid?" asked Chairman Seo, perplexed at his grandson's current attitude.

"He never opens his mouth regarding the director. You know better than anyone." Secretary Kang helpfully reminded.

"I know ? I know. That's why I put him next to Samuel. I made a mistake. I didn't know he would frustrate me so much. Isn't there anyone else with a light mouth?"

It had always been easy for the old chairman to loosen people's tongue, but when it came to his chirpy grandson, he was in for a surprise. The two were thick as thieves, he didn't know if he had to rejoice over their camaraderie or lament at is misjudgement. All in all, the grandsons were a little too much to handle for this grandpa right now.



"If you're going to be so displeased, why not just allow it?"

Secretary Kang suggested. It was better to concede and be at peace than lock horns with your own blood, and only heir.

"I don't think he'll do it if I don't allow it. Since he was young, he's never listened to me even though I beat him. He came to the mountain at the age of thirteen to clear his mind, and he spent a week digging through the roots of trees. If I say no, he will never see me again. You know how he behaved towards his mother. Do you want me to be treated like that in my old age?"








Samuel had refused to see his mother all these years, he carried on like she didn't exist in his life. When he could do that to his own birth mother, what more a grandfather?

"Then just give it up-"

Secretary Kang, who had been fiddling with the stones while gazing at how the game was proceeding on the board now put down his bag. They could hear the disturbance from outside the room. The two men turned towards the door at once.

"Who's making so much noise?" Chairman Seo shouted, unable to hide his displeasure.

It was Samuel who opened and closed the door roughly.

"Director-"

Reflexively, Secretary Kang stood up from his seat, eyes fixated on the strange object in Samuel's hand. Rather than strange, it was an object that was not fit to be here. It was a shotgun.

"Where did you take her?" Samuel's voice was terribly low and cold.

His eyes flickered with bluish sparks that were similar to the wolves of the snowfield.

Chairman Seo and Secretary Kang were lost for words for a moment.

"What are you talking about? Who took what?!" Chairman Seo almost fumbled with his words.

"My woman is gone." Samuel's gaze was menacing, voice frosty.






"I was belatedly grasping the subject. Didn't you already tell me that you would do what you wanted to do with the problem? So why are you looking for the missing child here?" Chairman Seo retorted. They had had a war of words only recently, and the young man had blatantly rebelled. And yet here he was ?

"She's a smart woman. She wouldn't have acted recklessly in this current situation. Unless someone took her. Before ? Didn't you do that to my father as well-"

In all these years, Samuel had never brought up his father in front of Chairman Seo. The old man looked at his grandson, surprise wreathed on his face.

"What are you talking about-"

"Ji-ye Kim ? The woman, my father loved ? Who you forced him to break-up with ? The one you threw to three men to be devoured savagely." Samuel watched his grandfather as he spoke, not wanting to miss even the slightest reaction. "Because of what you did, the woman went crazy. And later, when he found out, he left home because he couldn't forgive you. I've heard that Father sacrificed all of himself and atoned all his life ? Grandfather, on your behalf!"



"Who says that!" Chairman Seo roared.

"My mother." Samuel bellowed with equal fury.

"You found your mother?!" The old man was shocked. It was like a bucket of ice-cold water had been poured upon him.

"Is it so amazing that your grandson found his mother? I am not dead, nor far away from home. Well, you must be surprised to hear







that you've been such a terrible person who abandoned your children. The heartless mother, who had given up her children for her own life, knew all the facts and decided that living as your daughter-in-law would be impossible as a human being. Even so, she didn't want to tell her young son how cruel a demon his grandfather was!"



Chairman Seo's face turned sour with all his past disgrace being laid out in the open. A few years ago, he had undergone two heart surgeries, his heart was pounding like it was going to explode. He grabbed unto his chest.

"You are the one who took my father and mother from me."

Samuel's gaze at Chairman Seo was the same as his son, Jeong-hoon's. A mixture of hate and contempt grazed his frozen heart.

Samuel loaded the shotgun.

"Director, what are you doing-"

Panic-stricken, Secretary Kang stood in front of Chairman Seo. However, it was not Chairman Seo where the muzzle of the gun was headed. Surprisingly, it was under Samuel's own chin.

"I'm different from my father. My father chose to quietly leave your side, but if I had any problems with her, I wouldn't end it. I'll show you how everything you've built up in your lifetime will end before your eyes. The Seoin Group and the "Seo" grandson that you cherish the most in the world."

"You ? you ? you ? Samuel!"

Chairman Seo couldn't keep talking to the end. He paced back and forth breathing heavily. Secretary Kang urgently supported Chairman Seo.







The breathtaking confrontation ended only when Jin-wook jumped into the room. He showed the paper he had brought to Samuel. Only then did Samuel put down the loaded shotgun.

"Are you sure?"

Jin-wook nodded with a firm face. Samuel turned away without even paying attention to Chairman Seo.

In that brief moment, a lot of time passed before Chairman Seo's eyes.



'What the hell was I thinking?'

In all honesty, the matter of his son seeing that girl was just a trivial matter. However, her innocent and carefree demeanour had hit his ego hard ? How could a nobody, an insignificant girl like her, dream of being a part of his family? He was incensed by her nerves and decided to teach her a lesson in humility. However, in the process, the life of a young woman had been destroyed ? as if she were a frog hit by a stone thrown as a joke. His wife had condemned his actions until the moment of her death. Knowing the truth, his son and daughter-in-law turned their backs on him in disgust. Families who were in the know did not express themselves on the surface, but they did not look at them all their lives either.

And now ? even the only grandson he loved by his side looked at him with mistrust and hatred in his eyes.

Father, you will definitely pay the price.

His son Jung-hoon's last words came to mind. The price of lightly dealing with someone's life ? This was karma. In his eyes, he could see the last hundred that Secretary Kang had laid down. It was the number that wiped out the black stones at once.










How is that possible under the circumstances a moment ago? No, no.



Looking closely, it was his own move a few steps back that had eliminated the black. Self-destruction ? It was the last word that came to his mind before he lost consciousness.











Yuri had a place to go with me. She could never have moved alone!

Jae-won had reassured Roy Jean, who seemed like he was going to run to the police station at any moment. Once he had placated the tensed man, he had returned home.

Right now, he was sitting on the sofa, staring fixedly at this cell phone. Upon the news that his grandfather had collapsed, his mother had left in a trice to her maternal home. Despite this, there had no special call from Samuel.

Was Yuri Han found? Given the ongoing situation, it seemed that his grandfather was not a part of the picture. Then who and for what? One thing is certain, the individual must have been familiar with the location of the villa and the alarm system inside.

Samuel would need to check the CCTV for more details but a rough hypothesis could be built on the fact that there was an injured cat mewling outside. The intruder had disturbed the alarm system by placing an injured and immobile cat near a window sill or a sensor. When the alarm went off, a surprised Yuri would have looked out, and the cat would have entered her vision. The little creature, crying from injuries, would have been enough to arouse sympathy and compassion. And the moment she opened the door would have been the moment the ambush began.



While awaiting Samuel's call with anxiety, the cell phone rang.

Jae-won hurriedly pressed the answer button and raised his voice.

"How did it go? Did you find her?"

"Hey, Director Lee?"









Unfortunately, the person on the phone wasn't Samuel. Jae-won urgently checked the caller's id. Si-yeon Yoon. What the hell! Why is a male voice coming out of her number?

Jae-won replied with a curt voice. "Who is this?"

"This is the bartender at Y bar. Director Yoon is drunk right now. I was trying to contact her secretary, but she is adamant in asking for you-"


Jae-won frowned and sighed. What kind of life are you living?

When you are drunk and can't take care of yourself, you are looking for me?

"Okay. Will be there soon."

"Thank you, Director."

Jae-won put on his jacket after finishing the call. Although Yuri was on his mind, now Si-yeon was the priority. When he was leaving through the front door with his car key, he ran into his mother who was on her way back. He asked her a question as she came in with a tired face.



"Are you back? How is Grandfather?"

"He's conscious but hardly speaks. I asked Secretary Kang and he said he knew everything about the past. You didn't say anything, did you?"


The aforementioned he was Samuel of course.

Jae-won hurriedly made his name clear. "I didn't. Aunt must have told him."

"What? Your aunt? Samuel met his mother?" Mrs. Lee was shocked.









Jaewon did not know what was going on in his cousin's mind.

While he had tried to warn Samuel about their grandfather regarding Yuri, the man had already known everything that had happened in the past ? about his parents, the woman ? just about everything that had disrupted his peaceful life. That was also why he had entrusted Yuri to Jaewon.



"He threatened his grandfather that he wouldn't let the same thing happen again. He even brought a gun." Mrs. Lee had yet to recover from the shocking events of the day.

Oh my God! Jaewon unknowingly opened his mouth. Even if he had not seen what had happened, he knew something drastic must have happened. And it was as such. But, he didn't expect any better from his obstinate cousin.

"If Samuel said it, it wouldn't be just a threat," Jae-won remarked.

"I suppose so. It's in his character. By the way, where are you going at this time?" Jung-hee Seo was touching her forehead when she asked her son who was all dressed to go out at a late hour.


"I'm going to see someone." He vaguely answered.

"Who? On a day like today ? is it Si-yeon?"

Jung-hee Seo, who was quick-witted, knew exactly who her son was going to meet. Jae-won was silent for a moment.

"I told you not to meet her. There's nothing to benefit from you seeing her right now."

"I never said that I would keep seeing her. In the first place, I wasn't even meeting with Si-yeon to benefit myself."






"Jae-won!"

"To be honest, I also owe Si-yeon. Even though I knew about Samuel's woman, I kept my mouth shut because I was thinking about family interests rather than friendship. I will take care of my actions."








The bartender glanced at a corner seat when Jae-won arrived at the bar. Sprawled on the table, an empty bottle serving as her pillow was Si-yeon.


Jae-won carefully shook the girl. "Hey, Si-yeon Yoon, wake up!"

The bleary faced beauty raised her body, eyed the man with tipsy eyes, then bluntly shot out in an irritated voice. "Why are you here?"

Jae-won was taken aback by the question. "You said to come."

"When did you start listening to me so well? You traitor!"

Jae-won jumped at her words. "Why am I a traitor?"

"You, you knew that Ms. Yuri Han was your cousin's woman.

Actually, not even going that far, you knew that he was meeting a woman after our engagement. You avoided my calls using your New York business trip as an excuse after knowing that, right?

Since when did you know?" She roared.

Si-yeon seemed to have seen through things, and Jae-won could not get out of this mess easily since he and she had been with each other, for better or worse, since childhood. He made excuses as he sat in the next chair.

"It hasn't been that long. I really only found out by coincidence."

"Why didn't you say anything after knowing? Were you going to tell me only after I got married?"

"You wouldn't get married anyway. It was supposed to blow up sooner than later. I wanted Samuel to reveal it himself. I just didn't expect you to be faster. How did you know?"








"I investigated Samuel after noticing some things."

"You can do that now? You grew up, Si-yeon." Jae-won chuckled.

Jae-won made to stroke her head but Si-yeon turned away. He sighed while she raised her hand towards the counter.

"Give me another bottle."

"Is it all right?" The bartender looked at Jae-won, the lady was as it is piss drunk.

Jae-won simply nodded in reply. Now, he too was desperate for a drink. As he opened the bottle of whiskey the bartender had brought them, he asked, "Did you like Samuel?"

"Of course not! My mother liked him though, she even told me that the best thing I did with my life was getting engaged to Samuel."

"She must have been disappointed when the engagement was called off."

"It's far more than that. She went out saying she would argue with the Chairman and only came back when she heard that he had fainted. It's chaos."

Si-yeon took Jae-won's glass and gulped down the contents. She must have fought with her mother. Most of her problems during her teenage years had to do with her mother. Her father recognized his daughter's capability, saying that one smart daughter was better than two stupid sons. However, to her mother, she always lacked something and would incessantly pester her to find a 'perfect' spouse. The reason she had refused all hands of marriage that came from all over was because of her mother.

Si-yeon spoke quickly after emptying the glass. "Is this right? I know Samuel is outstanding, but what do I lack? My background,






my schooling, my looks?well, I don't have a gold medal. However, Samuel's the one who did me wrong, so why pick on me?"

"Was she that angry with you?" Jae-won asked, referring to her mother.

"I thought she would be angry at Samuel, but she blamed me, saying how could a girl not endure when a man's affair lasted only for a while. Isn't this funny? How could a woman who suffered from her husband's affairs force her daughter to go through the same hell? Is the Daejin Group more important than her daughter's happiness?"



Tears trickled down the beautiful eyes, as her tone rose. All along, Jae-won had been gazing at her with a stiff face. He soon reached into his pocket and brought out a handkerchief. However, at the sight of the little piece of cloth, Si-yeon began to wail loudly.

He gingerly looked around the bar. Fortunately, it was near closing time, so there were no other customers. Eventually, he, who couldn't even have a drop of alcohol, handed his credit card to the bartender.


"Let's go, it's closing time." Jae-won urged her.

"- You're the worst." She slurred.

What's this now?!

Jae-won immediately turned defensive. "What did I do wrong? I came here to listen to your drunken rants. How better a friend can I be?"


"I don't know. I hate you for keeping a secret from me more than my mother or Samuel."

Keeping secrets? What, are we elementary school kids?






While Jae-won wanted to retort, he had nothing to say when he saw her wet eyes. It had always been like this. Had she been his girlfriend, he would have consoled and coaxed her with sweet words. However, when the Si-yeon who had been smiling and playing would cry, he could not do anything. He did not know what to do, not then not now. He was just that helpless. He sighed and patted her.



"Yes, I'm a bad person. I admit that, so stop crying now, will you?"













He tugged her hand trying to get her going. Seeing her stumble, he crouched and gently carried her on his back. Sensing the movement, Si-yeon reflexively wound her arms around his neck.

As he walked out of the bar, he could hear her incessant sniffles by his ear. Bringing her to his car, he carefully sat her in the passenger seat. And then he started considering.

Should I take her to her house? Or call Secretary Kim?

He didn't want to start a second round of battle between mother and daughter. Amid his deliberation, Si-yeon spoke up with a red nose.


"Oh ? since we broke off our engagement, do I have to return the

Delacroix painting to your mother?"

"You can think of things like that in such a situation?"

"I thought things over, and it would be too much to lose the painting when he's at fault."

"You must have ripped a fortune out of Samuel, just buy a

Delacroix collection with that money."

"That's that, and the painting is another matter."

Jae-won gave up but was relieved seeing Si-yeon being her usual self. He smiled as he secured her seatbelt.

When a moment can change things, what's more, a night. The pair of best friends was utterly clueless about what tonight had prepared for them.










Samuel was intently staring at the CCTV screen, his expression terrifying. On the screen, someone put a hand over Yuri's mouth as she tried to look over the cat. He was a tall and burly man, must have used a chemical, as the girl went limp in seconds. Another man moved the unconscious into a car. Surprisingly, they were foreigners.



"Is this all the footage?" Samuel demanded.

"The ones at the entrance and outside were destroyed. They seem like professionals, and were certainly privy to the security situation of the house if they managed to enter and exit quietly." Jin-wook filled in.


"And they left the country right away?"

"After running the plates, we found the car at the airport but it's a dead-end. We confirmed from the airport CCTV at the customs, they seemed to be Russians and left right after the incident. They were heading to Vladivostok, and from these points, they seem to have targeted Ms. Yuri Han when she was alone."

"If Yuri Han was not in the car, they were only carriers. Has In-bae Lee made a move?"

"He would have no need to use such suspicious foreigners since he has many loyal underlings ? I suspect Hye-seong Jin."

"Hye-seong Jin?"

"This is the picture from the shredding machine you wanted restored, he's been in that house before."

The picture Jin-wook handed him was of two young girls in the Jinseong Art High School's uniform. Samuel had seen this uniform








when he had gone to Jinseong City with Yuri. They were looking at the camera wearing graduation hats, and ?

<The friend-killing whore>

Red letters were written across Yuri's face.

"Hye-seong Jin, that bastard." Samuel cursed. It was clear who the sender was as he would be the only one to have a picture of a graduation ceremony in which Hye-yeon Jin and Yuri Han stood together. "You said Hye-seong Jin has dealings with Russians in

Incheon."

"Yes, there seems to have been much money between them, but we haven't figured out where the funds came from."

"They're from drugs."

"Huh?" Jin-wook was taken aback.

"Myung-je Jin was not merely a drug supplier, Yuri told me he made the stuff as well. I emptied out the funds in Jinseong Constructions, but since nothing about the drugs was ever revealed, Hye-seong Jin would have probably taken them out."

"That? is understandable, since the Russians involved in this incident are said to be drug dealers working in Vladivostok."

Samuel spoke as he put a cigarette between his lips. "All right. How did this get to Yuri?"

"It was disguised as a quick service package you had sent her, and

Department Head Choi gave it to Ms. Han without suspecting a thing."



"They had known about that house and Yuri's movements." Samuel concluded.






Jin-wook asked something he had been curious about as Samuel remained silent for a moment. "Why did Hye-seong Jin do such a thing?"


"He's after the documents that are evidence of corruption for

President Jin and In-bae Lee."

"Ms. Han ? has it?" Jin-wook hesitantly asked.

"Yuri's father got hold of them and gave them to her, she told me she had hidden them. That's why she was kidnapped by President

Jin four years back, and her drug addiction and memory loss is all because of them."

"Ah, now I see why In-bae Lee has intervened in Ms. Han's affairs. However, even if she had hidden them, it's four years ago. Are you certain the presidential candidate has not found them yet?"

"If In-bae Lee had them, there's no reason for Hye-seong Jin to hide. That was why it was difficult to find the bastard at first. He was in hiding because he was afraid of In-bae Lee."

So, when he knew through Samuel that Yuri had come back to Korea, it was a perfect opportunity to find the list and the ledger. That was why he had been hovering around Yuri after escaping from the hospital. Now Samuel realized why he had felt annoyed at meeting Hye-seong Jin, and it was because the latter had been waiting for his prey like a crocodile hiding in a swamp.

"Where would he have taken Ms. Han? I could not find out where he had gone after getting out of the hospital in his previous residence," Jin-wook said.

"How about the route the Russians used to drive?" Samuel asked, hoping to get some clues.








"It's difficult since there isn't a black box or a navigation device."

It was then Samuel recollected what Yuri had said before.

When I came to my senses, I found myself in a large abandoned building.














When I came to my senses, I found myself in a large abandoned building. It was where President Jin concocted his drugs, but I can't recall the specifics.

? Hye-yeon Jin died there ? and I think ? I witnessed it.

"Are there any abandoned buildings near Father's private house?"

Samuel almost shouted out those words.

"Are you talking about President Jeong-hun Seo's house in Jinseong City?" Jin-wook asked.

"Yuri said that she had witnessed Hye-yeon Jin dying there. If she had asked for Hye-yeon Jin's help around there, there's a high possibility that it's a nearby building." Samuel relayed his conjectures.


"It's where the old warehouses were located before Jinseong City started to focus on tourism. Most of them would have been demolished by now-"

Jin-wook's eye caught something as he looked over the map.

"There's an abandoned hospital named Jinseong Care Hospital about a kilometer or two from the house, it has been eight years since it closed."


"There you go!"

Samuel glared at the map ? Yuri Han had to be there!



"Where are the lists and the ledger?"










Arms tied behind the back, mouth gagged with a duct tape, disheveled hair and a pale face- Yuri was certainly in a pathetic plight. A pair of men stood guard; one of them had hauled and bound her up to the chair, and the other burly one had struck her across the face without a word.



And then ? there was the last one ? Yuri stared at the man before her. It was President Myung-je Jin.

What happened?! Her last memory was of when she had stopped at the police station before going to meet her uncle at the airport. She had dropped her guard because of the place as it was difficult to guess that someone would kidnap her, in the middle of the day, at the police station's outdoor parking lot.

President Jin came closer and ripped off the tape on her mouth.

"Yuri, let's do this smoothly. I don't want to do this to you. You know what I'm saying?"

"- My father, why did you kill him?"

"Your father? I didn't kill him. I did rebuke and ridicule him so he wouldn't be himself, but kill I did not. Well, the ledger and the lists were much more important than your father's life. So, just handing those lists and ledger over to me will solve everything. I can give you enough money so you can live without selling a single work of yours."



Fear crept through her spine, she frantically shook her head. The documents her father had left her while risking his life could be exchanged for no amount of money. Also, Yuri did not believe that President Jin would let her off peacefully even if she handed them over.



"You bitch, do you wish to die?!"







President Jin punched Yuri's cheek. Her head swung, mouth felt like it had burst, ears rang while her sight dimmed.

"You drive me fucking insane!" His voice resonated the deathly still air.



He grabbed Yuri's hair roughly as she remained silent.

"Will you understand the situation after losing a few fingers and being unable to paint? Or when your nose or ears disappear? A pretty face like yours should not be ruined, when you had earned that much money with your body because your father gave you beautiful genes."



Yuri quivered, she could not hide her tears no matter how hard she tried to calm down. However, she willed herself to hold, not lose her senses. She could not crumble here if she wanted to survive.

"You've got pluck. That's why people with bright eyes are difficult to handle."

President Jin clucked his tongue and eyed the big guy. The latter took something out of his pocket, long and sharp. Yuri instantly recognised what it was - an ice pick.

"Will you listen to me if I mess up one of your eardrums? His specialty is picking ears with that."

The burly guy placed the ice pick on Yuri's ear, she shuddered as the cold metal touched her. Terrified, she shut her eyes. Right then,

President Jin's cell phone rang. He scowled after looking at the caller ID and motioned for the big guy to stop.

"No, you don't have to worry. She must be strolling about somewhere. No, don't be so angry ? You're hasty. I'll get her back to








you after consoling her ? So Director Seo, about Jinseong

Constructions-"

A furious President Jin slammed his cell phone on the floor, Samuel seemed to have hung up.

"That damn bastard! You two make quite a pair. Yuri Han, you must be really something that Samuel Seo is threatening me to put you back where you were as you were."

Yuri's eyes shook at Samuel's name, President Jin menacingly sneered.

"Are you happy that your body will remain whole thanks to Samuel Seo? Ah, it won't do.. Missing a finger or a nail would be better, and didn't one of your favorite artists cut both his ears off? I was going to let you off with a few broken bones if I got the lists and the ledger back and even give you some financial compensation.

Don't you need a new life at such a young age? But if things go this way, I'll have to ruin your life. Hey, bring that."












The man who had dragged her in handed President Jin a small stainless steel vial who then took out white powder and a syringe.

"It's something new we made by mixing things up; the Chinese and Russians are crazy over ? it absolutely ruins a person. They say they can't stab or shoot someone since labor expenses are rising. Fucking fools, use only what's comfortable for them. No, no. I do not need to go all the way to China or Russia, as a prosecutor who had been annoying me went away with this."

President Jin diluted the powder in a saline solution and injected it in a syringe.

"He drooled and crawled on the floor like a dog, even grabbed and shook his penis when I said I would give him some more. A man who learned as much as any other, without any embarrassment.

Even a lowlife like me cannot do that. Don't worry, since you're only a beginner, I will raise the level bit by bit. If I don't, you'll go into shock and the effects won't show. I heard that your brain would melt if you continue being injected with this, but I haven't seen that yet with my own eyes. I also heard that you wouldn't be able to remember how to breathe without this drug and will only want this until you die when you become addicted. Haven't you heard that there are some Chinese who don't have brains in their skull when they're dissected?"



With an evil smile, President Jin slowly approached Yuri while holding the syringe, the big guy lifted one of her arms and raised her sleeve.


"No! No!"

Yuri shrieked and struggled, but it was futile. She fainted the moment the syringe stabbed into her arm, shuddered like she was






going through a seizure. Her body went limp as the liquid emptied out into her veins, her head spun while her senses disappeared. Her body fragmented into pieces and was put together again. Her sight convulsed, she could not move a finger. She could not feel herself going numb by being tied up or the pain from where President Jin had hit her.



So, this was how a twisted dimension felt ?

The sound of President Jin ordering the big man passed through her ears meaninglessly.

"Drag her away and lock her up. If she's drugged for a few days, she'll bring the documents on her own." As an afterthought he added. "The drug's expensive, so just take care of her here. Things will all die down by then-"

"If it dies down? Who will be the happiest?" President Jin let out a delirious laugh. "I have to force that bitch to bring the ledger, she has to save Jinseong Constructions."

"What if she's already handed it over to a media outlet or some place else?" One of the men queried.

"If it were so, he would have done something. But from the way things stand, it's still hidden somewhere." He knew that In-bae Lee would have unleashed havoc if it landed in the hands of a third party. Since it was still quiet, it meant otherwise.

"Then, if you're going to keep her alive, can I have a taste? I've never seen a prettier face-" The retainer's lecherous eyes shone.

"Don't even think about it if you don't want a bullet in your head. She's expensive, and Samuel Seo is someone even I can't handle. Do you understand what I'm saying?"








The big guy licked his lips as President Jin spoke with a shudder. He carried Yuri like luggage and threw her on a bed in a room. It even had a bathroom. While nothing shackled her, she could not move an inch. She could not lower her skirt as it had risen up, and the big guy stroked her thin calf with a sigh.

"She seems delicious also on the inside." He ogled her like a predator would its prey. Even so, perhaps because he was scared of President Jin or his threat, he did not do anything else.

Yuri looked up vacantly at the ceiling, her mind was ruminating something else. She still could not move, her eyes were foggy. The only thing she could remember was the name President Jin had said: Samuel Seo.


Samuel Seo, Samuel Seo, Samuel Seo. Please save me, please ?

She didn't know how much time had passed. After about a week, she woke up in pain.For the first time, her head felt clear and the shock from the overdose a couple of days ago, helped her focus. Also, the fluid President Jin gave her, just in case she died, helped her support her body. She thought of only one thing when she came back to her senses.



I have to escape before I'm addicted further.

Looking around, she saw dried bread and a bottle of water. She tumbled down the bed, and inching on all fours brought herself to the only good there was. Slowly, with sheer grit, she managed to put feed and hydrate herself. She did not want to die and end like this. She would survive to avenge herself.

She lay still on the floor for a few minutes, she had just eaten ? god knows after how long, she had to let it settle. Soon after, her eyes darted about looking for an exit. However, she was trapped on the fourth floor, the windows had bars making it impossible to pry. It






was the same for the bathroom. The only way out was through the door.



Right then, the door opened. The burly man came in with her dose of drug and food.

What should I do?

Yuri was deep in thought when she thought of a plan.










The plan was simple. Yuri was going to use the big guy that came at her like a dog in heat. He would call her 'beautiful', grope her breasts and legs whenever he injected the drug into her. While she felt like throwing up every time she thought of his gooey eyes or disgusting breath, there was no other recourse.

If she wanted to escape this hell hole, this was her last chance. She had to do it before the drug was injected, for it left to after, her muscles would loosen, and she would lose consciousness. And that meant she would not be able to even think of escaping. It took her longer and longer to wake up after taking the drugs these days, anyone could guess how this would end.



A memory of a woman surfaced in her mind. When Yuri had first started living on President Jin's premises, she had accidentally entered the main house. There, she saw a woman, ashen and thin like a wraith. She was drooling as she lay unconscious on a bed. There were injection marks all over her arms like holes on old trees. She was none other than Myung-je Jin's wife, who had in less than a year died of cardiac arrest without ever recognizing her son and daughter. According to Hye-yeon, her last words had been to give her drugs.



If I am ruined like that maybe ?

Yuri fiddled with the sheets for a moment but pushed away from the thoughts by thinking about the things her father had entrusted her. He would not have given them to her had he thought the end would be as such. He had given them so she could escape the clutches of these despicable people.

Right, let's not think extreme thoughts. It's all right, I can do this.










A quivering Yuri willed herself to stand up and trudged to the bathroom to wash herself. While she wanted to wash the clothes she was wearing, it seemed impossible. She prepared herself mentally and waited for the burly guy to arrive.

"Beautiful."

The big guy was surprised. Unlike usual, she was wide awake.

"You seem awake today."

"-My body feels strange. It hurts."

Yuri intentionally writhed on the bed, the big guy gulped at her shapely legs spread out inside her skirts.

"Oh, you haven't had a hit for two days, right?' The big guy took out an ampule and a syringe as he spoke while preparing the shot.

"Your body must be itching. I'll make you feel good right now."

"No, not the medicine." Yuri snapped.

"What?"

She deliberately lowered her voice. "I'm craving something else now."



Yuri lowered her eyes, the big guy's mouth opened happily wide.

However, he still carefully confirmed seemingly grasping on to his last thread of reason. "You, the President said there's someone powerful behind you-"

"Is there anyone else here?"

President Jin and his cronies wouldn't be gathered here just to mind a woman when they could go places gathering money for






Jinseong Constructions. The big guy gave Yuri the answer she wanted.

"No."

"Then no one knows if I don't tell." Yuri forced a smile around her rigid mouth.

The big guy smiled grossly as he came to her with a reddened face. "You'll see heaven while crying."

In a flash, he was over Yuri, his hands grabbing her breasts. His rough breaths disgusted her. While she endured it, she sneaked a peek at the syringe he had put down. It was the same drug that would numb the muscles instantly on injection. If she did it right, she could overwhelm the big guy who was much stronger and bigger than her. It was a dangerous gambit, and if she failed, she would be a victim of rape and physical assault.

She took a deep breath the moment the big guy lowered his head and reached out for the syringe.

"fuck! You bitch, what are you doing?"

Unfortunately, the big guy had sharper instincts than Yuri had thought. He grabbed her wrist and threw the syringe afar.

"And I had gone soft on you!"

He slapped hard her cheek, the shock overwhelmed her to the extent she could not even scream. He then climbed up her body.

"You seem to have been treated well by someone high up, but today's the day I'll turn you into a rag doll. Let's see if he would still find you pretty afterwards."









The big guy's hand suddenly reached between her legs, she writhed screaming.

"Don't! Don't touch me!"

The big guy slapped her again at her resistance, her nose bled as her head turned sideways. He seemed excited at the sight of blood. He took off his shirt and loosened his belt as he sneered at the limp girl lying prostrate in shock.

I might die like this.

It was then that she caught sight of something that lay within the clothes the big guy had taken off. Using the last of her strength, she grabbed and swung it at the man.

"Fu ? fuck- "

Blood sprayed dying everything around crimson. At first, she thought it was her bleeding nose only to realize it was the burly man's blood. She had swung the ice pick the big guy always had on him and cut diagonally across his face- from the forehead to the eye.



"Ahhhh! You bitch!"








The big guy was shocked at the unexpected attack, he started flailing his arms because he could not see. Yuri could not lose the moment and allow him the time to orient himself, hurriedly she looked for the syringe he had tossed afar. She quickly jabbed it inside him, not knowing whether it was muscle or vein she was shooting the drug into. The only thing she could do was to plunge the needle down as hard as she could and press the syringe.

While the big guy tried to push her away and take out the syringe, his movements had started to slow down due to the drug. Yuri broke away from the big guy only after the drug had emptied into him, and his bloodied eyes rolled to the top. His heavily muscular body crumbled on the bed and went limp. The drug seemed to be working.



Yuri's entire body shook, she sat down where she stood. Her clothes were ruined by her nosebleed and the big guy's blood, she hurt everywhere. However, she could not lose time and needed to escape. This was her only chance. She grabbed the big guy's cell phone, pulled herself to stand up and run.



Where am I?

Yuri's eyelids were heavy, she frowned after managing to open her eyes after a few tries. Her world shook, she was limp. It was a familiar feeling ? She was astonished as she looked around to see that it was the very place she had been four years back.

It can't be true-













She raised herself up from the bed but fell down the moment her feet hit the floor. She was familiar with this sensation, she moaned as she looked down on the floor.

That drug is in me again ? Who did this? President Jin is already dead.



Someone entered as the door opened, and Yuri raised her eyes with some difficulty to see who it was.

"Long time no see?"

This voice? sounds like Hye-seong's ?

And it really was Hye-seong Jin who stood in front of her. Yuri looked up at him with disbelieving eyes.

"Hye-seong?"

"It's been a long time, Yuri."

Hye-seong was smiling, but his expression scared Yuri. She used her hands to support herself as she stood up but fell down again because of her wobbly legs.

"Is it you that brought me here?"

"Yes, I made a request."

"You made ? a request?"

It was a blatant kidnapping! Thinking back to the astounding power of the man who had ambushed her from behind, she shuddered.


Hye-seong spoke as if he was making an excuse when seeing Yuri's face. "Samuel Seo dragged me into the vacation house






where you had been a while ago. He threatened me like he already knew what had happened to you and ordered me to tell everything I knew about you. He shot me then, saying that it was for deceiving him. He said he would find you soon and treat you as such. You must have suffered a lot."



Is he telling the truth? Yuri stared at Hye-seong with wary eyes.

"I'm sorry, are you angry? I made the request because I wanted to separate myself from him as much as possible, but the method must have been rough. Don't worry, that bastard can't find this place. I'll protect you." He said.

Hye-seong approached her and knelt to meet her eye level. Her face turned rigid at the sight of his gloomy and eerie face, it was unlike how she remembered him four years back. He placed a hand on her cheek with the same affability she had once liked.

They didn't end well, so why was he doing this? She had wanted to ask him a question ever since she regained her memory.

"You're going to protect me?" she said looking him in the eye, "Then why did you treat my father like that?"

"What?"

Hye-seong's eyes narrowed. "What are you talking about?"

"Don't act like you know nothing! You were the one who showed the contract I made with President Jin to my father."

Yuri slapped away Hye-seong's hand on her cheek, it was difficult to contain her anger. She abhorred his touch for he was the reason things had turned so. Even if meeting Samuel had been a seed, the man before her now was the one who had started the fire. Had he not brought the contract to her father, her father would not







have threatened President Jin and none of this would have happened. Perhaps, her father would've even been alive ?

Hye-seong stared at Yuri's angry face and spoke in a sunk voice.

"Yuri Han, you remember things now?"

How does he know about that? Did he meet with Hyeon-

ah Kim? Yuri's brows furrowed in anxiety, while Hye-seong nodded in a sincerely joyful face.

"That's good. I was thinking about how to solve this problem, and you having your memories back will speed things up."

"What are you talking about? Why ? did you give my father the contract I made with President Jin? Why did you let my father know everything?"

Hye-seong smiled, and it was strikingly similar to President Jin's lowdown one.

"You shouldn't have given Samuel Seo your heart. You started all this, Yuri Han."










Hye-seong recalled the time he visited the house Samuel Seo and Yuri Han shared. He didn't know what made him go there; did he miss Yuri then? Or was he just curious? Probably both since he had always wanted Yuri. She reminded him of a flower because of its pureness, always clean and beautiful unlike him who was more of a mudslide.



The end of their good relationship was bitter, but he couldn't stop himself from longing for her. Perhaps knowing that he wouldn't be able to have her ignited the thirst even more.

And of course, Hye-seong justified all his actions thus far- making one excuse after another. It was what he does best after all! What's so important about physical relationships anyway? As long as I don't break my heart? Unfazed by her professor's persistent bullying, Yuri was thrown into the mess that is Samuel Seo. And unexpectedly, she still bloomed so beautifully, Hye-seong thought.

As he thought of this, Hye-seong promised himself that he would start over with Yuri Han. He would do absolutely everything.

When he got to the front of the house, however, his dreams and hopes were shattered in an instant. It was already late at night but the two were still in the garden, clearly having a hearty conversation, Her laughs and giggles made their way to his
ears. Why is she laughing? Isn't Yuri supposed to struggle for having to live every single day with her traumas?

Hye-seong's face contorted into madness, clenching his fists so tightly it drew blood. He drove his car to a much higher ground where he could see the garden in plain sight, settling on a vacant space where a house would be erected soon. He took a set of binoculars from the glove compartment, adjusted the scope, and







peeped into the garden. He saw all of the lights lit up. It was bright and he could see everything well.

"Fucking hell!" Hye-seong cursed.

The glass table was shaking underneath Yuri's weight. Samuel Seo settled between her legs, her slender arms wrapped around his back, clutching the fabric. Her skirt was rolled up to her waist. It didn't take long for Hye-seong to know what it was they were doing.



Hye-seong, seemingly out of his mind, directed the scope to Yuri's face. Her face was flustered, eyes closed in bliss as she gnawed on her lip. She looked so beautiful that he could only stare at her in wonder. The sight of Yuri on the verge of passion made him shiver with lust.



That should be me!

Yuri should be writhing and moaning underneath him, looking at him ecstatically, not Samuel Seo! Hye-seong couldn't stand it anymore as he undid the buttons of his pants, hastily grabbing his own cock. He moved his hand up and down, eyes still intently on Yuri, who wrapped her arms around Samuel's head.

The glass table stopped moving just as Hye-seong reached his climax. He hissed at the mess on his hand. Irritated, he grabbed the wet tissue and cleaned up. in the garden, Samuel and Yuri shared a kiss. They arranged their disheveled appearance, smiling at each other with loving eyes. The great Samuel Seo helping a woman clean herself and take care of her was a sight. It looked like they were indeed lovers. Like she was his lover.



Hye-seong still didn't lower the binoculars, still paying close attention to Yuri's face. He looked on, noting that she didn't look







like she was forced in any way. It couldn't be denied that she adored the man.

Despite her fragile and seemingly compliant appearance, she was actually stubborn to a fault. When she disliked something, she would make sure you'd know it as well. She was always straight to the point, strong, and confident of herself. He knew that part of her that was why he gave all his efforts just so he could please her. He didn't even fail to be considerate of her, knowing that she had suffered a trauma caused by the professor's sexual harassment. But despite all his efforts, Yuri simply didn't give him the time of day, even as simple as a light peck on the cheek was not bestowed.



"I've been so considerate to you and even came back to you!"

Hye-seong gritted his teeth as Samuel and Yuri made their way inside the house.

"Yuri? you?!"

His eyes, rimmed with seething, as hatred simmered in his chest. And from that moment, a sudden thought popped into his mind.

She needs to die, or he would need to break her so no one else could have her.



Yuri was astonished. Unable to control her exasperation anymore, she let out a pitiful scream. The thoughts about the killings of her father and Hye-yeon, losing her memories at that? was all too heavy to bear. No matter how rocky a start she and Samuel had, everything was just too much. Her body shook uncontrollably.

Hye-seong laughed at her crestfallen form. "Your father's behavior was rather unexpected. I thought I'd catch the whore like one






would a rat. I tried to steal the ledger and take them back to my master. Do you have any idea how much I suffered when my father died because of that? Where the hell did you hide the damn ledger and the list?" Hye-seong barked at the top of his voice.

"Do you even know what you've done?! You killed them. Both my father and Hye-yeon! You murderer!" Yuri screamed.












Yuri felt like throwing up. Tears of blood were close to spilling from her eyes. She just couldn't open her heart to Hye-seong even though he had been kind and considerate to her. All she knew was, the weakness of a man would never stand tall to those who are strong. The cruelty of a man would always emerge, eventually.

"You're calling me a murderer? Me?!" Hye-seong scoffed. "The guy who killed your father is In-bae Lee. All I intended was to slyly steal the records, so where on earth did you hear such nonsense, and how dare you interfere with me?! You know what? If my father did not bring you from the police station that night, you would have died on the spot!"



A moment of stillness engulfed their surroundings. Yuri looked up at him, confusion lacing her voice as she asked, "That's? what are you talking about?"

"I have no idea how he found out, but In-bae Lee had his people searching all around the area. Anyway, you would have died in the police station without a single soul noticing. Then, you would have been disguised as some unknown body found in River Jinseong. That sort of manipulation is a breeze to those guys. You really should learn to appreciate the fact that you are still breathing at this very second."



Yuri was wreathed with goosebumps, her teeth trembled at the news All she knew was hell was everywhere. What does a man's life even mean to you? Yuri clenched her fists, glaring at Hye-seong with venomous eyes.

Hye-seong took a step closer to her. "Let me ask you one thing. Why did Hye-yeon die?" he asked her.

Yuri's not sure where this was heading. "What?!"







"Hye-yeon? She was a little wild, I must say. But she's cute nonetheless. That very day, I'm one hundred percent sure she said she'd rent my car and go see you."

Yuri couldn't believe he had the audacity to look calm after he had trampled on someone's life. He had no regard for those around him. Hye-yeon was her friend first before Hye-seong. She was the only person who tried to save her from the city of Jinseong, which was akin to hell on earth. The criminal who killed Hye-yeon was still alive, wandering without a care in the world. Yuri wanted to tell the truth, the criminal needed to be punished for his wrongdoings!

"Hye-yeon is-"

Two gunshots were fired, one after the other. Hye-seong scowled, he knew it was Samuel. He was here.



In the car heading to Jinseong Nursing Facility, Jin-wook glanced at Samuel in the back seat through the rearview mirror. Right before Samuel entered the car, Jin-wook saw he was holding onto a shotgun with his finger resting on the trigger.

"Are you going to use it?" Jin-wook asked.

Samuel nodded. "Yes."

"It's going to make a loud noise," Jin-wook stated as a matter of factly.



"You said the place is off-limits anyway. Just make sure that the driveway is clear," Samuel said.

So, this is it, huh. Jin-wook sighed. What Samuel had in his clutch was not the air gun he usually used for training or hunting. It was an original shotgun, one that was precise and accurate, used only






when hunting bears. It's also what the US military and the police used in their missions.

When did Samuel last use it? Jin-wook wondered. Clearly, if used against a person, it would undoubtedly make a huge mess. "When you dragged Hye-seong from Incheon, how many people were there in the gang?" Samuel asked.

"I think there's about a dozen of them."

"Are they foreigners or locals?"

"They're Koreans. Dealing with them was pretty rough, I had quite a hard time, to be honest." Jin-wook supplied.

"Is there anything I need to know about Jinseong Nursing Facility?"

"It's a huge building. I think looking for Yuri there would take a lot of time, but she's most like with Hye-seong. I think he would lure us by taking her hostage."

The anger Samuel had been trying to suppress was now out in the open, his forehead creased in rage. A vein was throbbing on his temple. Jin-wook took notice and tried to placate him. "What we're about to do is not hunting. The primary goal is to save Yuri Han. In order to do that, I suggest that you don't provoke Hye-seong Jin too much," he said.



"-I should've blown his knee instead of his shoulder," Samuel muttered, looking at the side with his head out of the window. His finger was still propped on the trigger. He knew that Hye-seong would not harm her because he needed the list and the ledger. He steadied his breathing, willing himself to calm down. He was worried about Yuri, who would break with a mere touch.










The car passed by the entrance to Jinseong City and zippered through the streets straight to Jinseong Nursing Facility. There were two routes going to the nursing home and Jin-wook had ordered his staff to tighten the security. One car followed close behind them. Seeing the unfamiliar car pulling up the driveway, one of the two men standing at the entrance sauntered towards them.



"Can I help you?"

Without delay, Jin-wook opened the car door and slapped the man on the chin. The man grumbled, then a well-built staff got out of the car. The other man scurried into the building and closed the iron door behind him. The door didn't match the aged façade of the old hospital, having been installed just recently.

"What should I do?"

"Step aside."

The staff and Jin-wook followed suit. Samuel aimed the gun at the latch that locked the iron doors and fired. The sound reverberated around them, shaking it from its hinges. Then, the staff kicked the door open, giving them entry.












A sharp sound of something breaking followed right after a gunshot. A man rushed towards Hye-seong and Yuri, shouting all the while. "Boss! We're in trouble!" His eyes were blown wide. "The guys from Incheon are back! One of them even brought a gun!"

Hye-seong frowned, assuming that the armed man must be Samuel. While he was aware that Seo heir had quick and reliable sources at his fingertips, he didn't expect that he would find him so soon. Hye-seong had gone into hiding without anyone noticing for such a long time and yet, Samuel was able to track him down faster than he expected, faster than that man Hye-seong feared, even.



What happened to the Russian professionals he hired? It should take him a day to spot the location, and another day to actually find Yuri! He certainly thought he had two days. He'd be able to torture Yuri as much as he liked then, without considering the possibility of Samuel getting here so quickly. Did the Russians somehow make a mistake or something?

Hye-seong glared at Yuri and grabbed her by the hair, pulling it roughly. "Did you mention this place to Samuel?" He hissed.

Yuri tried to skim through her memories. The only thing she could remember was the events that followed after she was kidnapped by Hye-seong. There is no way I knew about this place, she thought. But suddenly, a memory flashed by?

When I woke up, I found myself in an abandoned building. This seemed like the place where President Jin manufactured drugs, but I couldn't seem to remember anything else? A-and? Hye-yeon died there? And I saw it with my own eyes?









The realization hit Yuri all at once. Seeing the recognition in her face was all the confirmation Hye-seong needed. He got up from his knees, cursing in frustration as he harshly pulled the drawer on the side and took something out of the compartment. It was a gun.

Yuri's eyes widened in fright, thinking why he had a gun with him and was he going to use it on her? Her eyes were fixed on the finger positioned on the trigger, ready to shoot. Hye-seong summoned a man and had a word with him as she looked on.

What is he up to?!

Yuri tried to move but to no avail. Her body could only manage a slight movement, already feeling numb. All she could do now was stay still to prevent her remaining energy from running out. After a brief second, the conversation the two men were having came to an end. The man simply nodded and left without another word.

Hye-seong swiftly came towards her in huge strides. Yuri eyed the man before her anxiously, noting he was different from the Hye-seong she used to know. It's like this person was an entirely new person. He looked like he was out of his mind and a complete lunatic, a sight that reminded her of his father.

Hye-seong glowered dimly, looking at her with sharp eyes. "You think this is all over now that Samuel Seo's here?" He scoffed in amusement.

"Just let me go. He will leave you alone, j-just leave me unharmed."

Yuri pleaded.

"I know. That is exactly why I need you here." Hye-seong brought out a rope and tape and tied both her hands and feet. The man who had left just a few moments before came back, holding a barrel in one hand.










A pungent stench made Yuri turn her head in alarm. Gasoline!

Her face paled in understanding. She knew where this was headed. The crazy bastard even had the audacity to laugh.

"Wow, Yuri Han. It seems like you caught up, huh?" Hye-seong nodded mockingly. "You understood it right. I will leave you here and set this place on fire."

Despite how terrified Yuri was, she looked at Hye-seong squarely in the eyes and spat, "Did you forget about what's in my possession? You will never find the list and ledger without me." She tried to sound as calm as she could. She needed to buy herself some time, but Hye-seong only looked unbothered.

"It doesn't matter. I don't expect you to tell me where it is anyway. And wouldn't it be unfair to let Samuel Seo have everything he wants?" Hye-seong then covered her mouth with tape, securing it tightly.


Yuri could only stare in horror when the barrel was turned upside down. Gasoline spilled around the door down to the hallway.

Hye-seong grinned upon glimpsing the fear in her eyes. "Goodbye, Yuri Han. Die so that bastard would never have you."



"I have a bad feeling about this." A hunter's intuition was rarely wrong. It was a feeling you couldn't put into words but feel too greatly, like an omen signaling what's to come. For once, Samuel wished his intuition was wrong.

"Huh?" Jin-wook threw him a glance.












Suddenly, the door broke open and men in hiding burst forth and surrounded them. There were roughly about ten of them, probably more, all looking tough and ready to pounce.

Even though they were cornered on all sides, there was no hint of fear in Samuel's voice as he spoke. "Is this all of them?"




"Is this all of them?" he asked Jin-wook as if he was bored out of his mind, like these weak punks in front of him were nothing but a waste of his time.

The men circled Samuel at a set distance, not daring to come close to the man who exuded a terrifying aura. They remembered full well that they didn't stand a chance against Jin-wook and his people back in Incheon, and the gun clenched on Samuel's hand kept them at arm's length. It was clear that Samuel was not fooling around, he would definitely shoot when the situation called for it. Having only dealt with metal pipes, knives, and axes, the men were on high alert looking at the lethal weapon.



Jin-wook eyed the men carefully and nodded. "The guy I'm looking for is not here. There's this guy who holds knives quite proficiently, I suppose he's a manager of some sort. He's probably with Hye-seong Jin."


"They're probably upstairs," Samuel muttered without looking away. The building has four stories, he thought. "Get them." He ordered his people, and they immediately followed suit.

"Yes, Sir."

Without delay, everyone on either side went on the defensive. Chaos instantly ensued as both Samuel's men and their enemies attacked each other. Battle of grips, punches and pulls were hastily thrown into the melee. From one side of the commotion, one guy bravely jumped in front of Samuel in an attempt to disarm him. The moment his hand wrapped around the metal, he instantly let out a loud shriek and pulled his hand back, hissing.

Holding the barrel right after it was fired was like placing your hand directly into flames. Samuel clucked his tongue then swung in one






swift motion. The man clearly had no idea that Samuel was adept in fighting- whether it was knives or guns, he'd be able to outdo modern, advanced firearms; what Samuel lacked in weapons he made up for with excellent skills and precise movements.

After close combat, Samuel fired his gun.

A man got smacked at the back of the head with a board and he fell to the ground. One could almost see the stars floating around his bloody head after getting struck. Samuel paid him no heed, walking straight to the staircase but turning around sharply to strike the man dead set on attacking him from behind with a baton. Good thing his favorite baton was foldable so he could store and use it anytime, and it was far easier to bring compared to other weapons. He flicked his trusty baton in approval.



They arrived on the second floor and dispersed to search every room. Yuri or Hye-seong was nowhere to be found. Samuel reached the end of the hallway, eyes searching desperately when he sensed something strange.

"Something's burning." He frowned.

Jin-wook nodded. He looked around, trying to figure out where the smell was coming from when he saw a shadow looming speedily behind them. "Watch out!"

In an instant, Samuel angled his body and swung the shotgun he was holding. The gun zipped through the air and crashed directly on someone's right arm. A metallic object fell to the ground, the man hastily tried to get his hands on it but Samuel aimed the gun at his face.



"Who is this bastard?"











The object that fell to the ground was a knife, particularly a sashimi knife. It was long and the blade was so sharp it could easily slice thin. It probably belonged to the manager Jin-wook was talking about.


Jin-wook stopped him from shooting. "I don't think killing him is a good idea. This punk has a name for himself. People would certainly go look for him once he's declared missing."

Samuel faced his companion. "What do you mean?"

"He is the director of a food company." Jin-wook elaborated.

Samuel didn't expect that. "Interesting. What sort of company is it to have its director swinging such a weapon?" He shook his head. Samuel wouldn't question it if he was holding onto a gun, but a long knife?


"So you're saying we should use it on people no one would look for?"



Someone like Hye-seong Jin to be exact. He kidnapped Yuri Han, and he had been hiding for a very long time that no one would bother to look for him anymore. He was as good as dead.

"Well? Not using it will be much better. Because when you do, the bullets will be all over the place. Getting rid of it would take quite a while. Anyway, I'll take care of it so go find Hye-seong Jin. Since the guy is here, Yuri Han should be with him."

Jin-wook was right. The first thing he should be concerned about was to find Hye-seong Jin and Yuri Han. Thinking that the two were distracted, the man lying on the ground slyly reached for the spare knife tucked behind his back pocket but Jin-wook hit him with his baton just as quickly.










Samuel left the second floor to Jin-wook and dashed up the stairs to the third. Anxiety was building up inside him with every step he took. Where is it? Where is the fire?

Then, as if to answer his question, he noticed a black silhouette flickering on the sides.










Flames were everywhere, spreading across the walls at a terrifying speed that made Samuel's breath hitch.

"Hye-seong Jin!" he yelled, sweat pooling his temples at the heat surrounding him.

On high alert, his ears picked up on the sound of a bullet being shot. It flew past just a shy of an inch of his foot. Judging by its speed and its size, it was most likely emitted from a revolver. Samuel stuck his back on the wall, head looking sideways as he lifted his hand, aiming his gun to where the bullet had come from. He shot, the bullet flying straight to a wall on the other side as it crumbled noisily from the impact. Dust and smoke mingled together.



Samuel reloaded his gun in a swift motion, saying, "What a warm welcome."

His words reached Hye-seong, who sneered. "Coming from you who shoots without a heads up." He snapped back. "So you brought a gun, huh? Do you even know how to use it?"

"While I'm not an expert, I learned how to use it when I was abroad. If you're so curious, how about you come out of hiding and see it for yourself?" Samuel replied with confidence. "Now, where is Yuri?"

"And why should I tell you?" Hye-seong snapped.

"You want the ledger, right? It's in my possession. I have it in my hands. There is no need to hold her hostage." Samuel responded calmly.


Lies! Hye-seong knew that Yuri was the only one who knew where the ledger was. He was aware that Samuel was trying to distract







him, but unfortunately for him, Hye-seong was not convinced in the slightest.

"The moment I found out Yuri had recovered her memories, I knew that the ledger was in somebody else's possession? The man must be mad."


Contrary to what Samuel expected, Hye-seong did not seem to be that interested in the ledger. Was In-bae Lee the man he was talking about? If that's the case, why did Hye-seong cause such an unnecessary effort by kidnapping Yuri?

As if to answer Samuel's question, Hye-seong replied, "I know what you're thinking. You see, I have something more important in mind."


Samuel frowned. What is he saying?

He had no idea what Hye-seong was talking about. The smoke around him was growing more suffocating by the second. He coughed hoarsely and placed an arm over his nose. The heat was prickling his skin. Judging from the direction of both the flames and the smoke, his face paled, realizing that the source of the fire was not here, but it came from the floor above them. Yuri was nowhere to be found, which meant she was probably on the fourth floor.



He shouldn't be wasting his time dealing with Hye-seong Jin. Samuel turned around and dashed towards the stairs, but a bullet was shot and he instinctively rolled down, his back hitting the wall. He could only thank his fast reflexes and agility for saving his life at the last second.



His breaths came out ragged, staring at the bullet at his feet as he regained his breathing. He tried to figure out Hye-seong's intentions. The shots he fired so far were nowhere close to killing






him, it only aimed for his leg. He (HS) must be trying to hinder him (TJ) from getting to Yuri.

Son of a bitch! Samuel hissed in frustration.

"So this is what's important to you?" Hye-seong laughed as if there was something funny. "You're dying to reach her, huh? Go ahead then." He waved his hand towards the staircase in mocking. "But I must tell you that doing so would risk you getting shot. Or you could just stand there and watch Yuri die. Now that I've been found out, wouldn't it be fair to have something in my favor as well? You better hurry up before she suffocates from the drugs. And by the way, the gun I have now is not like the ones you kids have. This is a revolver supplied by the Russians."



Samuel knew more about guns than Hye-seong himself. The model the other had was the one used by mafias. He wanted to lash out in anger. "You crazy bastard. You loved that woman. You loved Yuri." He gritted.


"And you're right," he admitted. "And I'm only interested in what's mine." He was mad, insane, and out of his mind. There was no way he was not. "If I can't have her, then no one else should," he said with finality to his voice.

This bastard's crazy! Shut the hell up!

The truth was, Samuel knew the feeling all too well. He shared the same thoughts, wishing that Yuri was his to keep. There was a time he wished that she was nobody else's. But even with the admiration he had for her, he never once thought of ruining the woman the way Hye-seong was doing now. He had already experienced the terrifying feeling of hugging her restless, cold body, and he could still vividly remember how afraid he was thinking whether she would wake up or not.









His heart hammered against his chest. Thinking of the pain Yuri must be going through was making him feel faint. He groaned through his clenched teeth and bravely came out of hiding. In an instant, bullets zippered past him but he couldn't jump out of the way since his injured shoulder slowed him down.




Samuel tried to concentrate, the smoke close was to engulfing him quickly and he had no second left to spare. He had no choice but to shoot. Hye-seong had to come out of hiding.

He only had one chance and losing it was out of the question. Though he had fast reflexes, going against a revolver was a fifty-fifty chance. His shotgun could cause an impact at a large scale, but it wouldn't be as effective against the other's revolver. If he somehow failed to dodge Hye-seong's bullet, he would not be able to come out of this alive. He steadied his breathing and waited for his opponent.



Bang! Bang!

The two opposing sides fired their guns simultaneously. Hye-seong let out an ear-piercing scream as he rolled on the floor. If Samuel had shot directly at him, bullets would have made their home all over his body. He aimed the gun at a spot near him and it was enough to cause a large amount of damage, taking him down in the process.



Samuel felt an overwhelming pain in his waist. He clenched his teeth even more. He turned his palm and saw blood all over, but luckily, the bullet had only grazed the surface of his skin. He needed to go. Now! The minutes he had wasted on Hye-seong were enough, he needed to get to Yuri as fast as he could. The woman wouldn't be able to hold on much longer.

Because he was bleeding in the waist, his legs wobbled beneath him as he skipped the steps two at a time. Jet-black smoke filled the fourth floor. He hastily took a handkerchief and placed it on his nose and mouth. The flames were close to spreading, and the smoke was making it hard for him to see through.







Where is Yuri?

The fire seemed to be bellowing at the very corner, and the room was considerably flaming compared to the other rooms. His insides were filled with dread, Samuel was sure that Yuri was there. He dashed right into the flames, scorching his skin as hot air blew his face.



"Yuri!" Samuel yelled. Please be safe. Please be safe, he chanted to himself over and over again.

The doorknob was scarlet from the flames, so he took a few steps back and tried to kick the door open. Once, twice, the door only budged, small flames falling down from his harsh kicking. It licked the corners of his clothes but he did not care. He felt too numb to pay it any attention, shaking at the thought that he might lose Yuri.

He wouldn't let her die. He would not allow it!

He was about to smash the door open with his own body when Jin-wook suddenly appeared behind him with a fire extinguisher in hand. He directed the hose towards Samuel's clothes and the door, diminishing the flames. Samuel successfully opened the door after several attempts.



"Yuri! Yuri Han!"

In one corner where flames had yet to reach, Yuri Han lay on the floor. Limbs tied and mouth covered with tape, she was slightly squirming as she tried to escape the fires.

Samuel quickly ran towards her and pulled the tape off her mouth. The woman in his arms twitched. He felt relieved that she was still alive and breathing. And for the first time, he found himself thanking God, whom never did he once acknowledge in his life. He just felt really grateful.










Yuri writhed, a struggling sigh was emitted from her parched lips.

"Huh?"

Samuel leaned his ear closer to her mouth. Since he fired the shotgun without any earmuffs, his hearing had significantly worsened after the gunshots earlier.

"Y-you're? finally here." Yuri breathed out.

Samuel held his breath, wondering how long Yuri had waited for him. Did she wait for him ever since she was tortured by President Jin? Or did she wait for him even when she did not remember anything?


After saying those words out, Yuri fell slack against him. Jin-wook immediately untied her hands and feet.

"How is she?"

"Her pulse is normal. She was lying face-first on the ground with her mouth covered in tape, so she didn't inhale as much smoke. Thankfully, the flames were not that strong either," Jin-wook said.

Samuel took his jacket off and draped it over Yuri. They needed to get out of here, and fast. The flames would reach them any moment now.


Jin-wook glanced and saw the blood on Samuel's jacket. "Sir, are you injured by any chance?"

"- It's just a scratch. Don't worry about it."

Jin-wook bent down slightly and studied the wound. "This is not just a scratch. You are bleeding heavily."











Samuel did not respond. Jin-wook turned the fire extinguisher towards the flames that neared them but they remained strong and vigorous despite his efforts.

Would they be able to escape from this place?

They had to. They needed to survive and save the woman in their arms!





A pair of eyes was observing the Jin-seong Nursing Facility through a set of binoculars. Two black cars appeared at the premises followed by a gunshot. Black smoke filled the area, causing haziness.

"So unnecessary."

The eyes were now lost deep in thought, gauging the situation to be a grave one. It's terrifying how Hye-seong reacted so ferociously when things did not go his way. The least he could do was to set places on fire. What was going to happen to the ledger? Getting physically involved was his last resort.

The woman threw away her binoculars, combed her hair with her fingers, and took a cigarette out of a box in frustration.






The banquet hall was gradually becoming chaotic. In-bae Lee, the potential presidential candidate, was giving a speech on the podium. The moderator tried to shush the audience, but the murmurs were only becoming more audible.

In-bae Lee could not hide his discontentment as he concluded the speech. What's wrong with everyone? How dare they? during his speech?


As he stepped down the podium in a grumpy mood, his manager walked up to him with a pale face. "Sir, there has been a problem."

In-bae Lee violently pulled on his tie and barked, "What problem?"

"Ummm? A scandal just spread. It is named the 'Lee Gate'," The manager cautiously said.

"What the hell?! What kind of a fool spread such a rumor?!"

Instead of replying, the manager handed him a tablet. As he swiped and tapped on the screen, In-bae Lee's face dyed in various shades until it was bloody red in the end. He hollered in fury, "Find out who initially spread the rumor, and bring Sang-gu here. Right now!"



Who could possibly be aware of the existence of the ledger when it had yet to be exposed? He had almost made it to the top? He was not going to allow a stupid scandal to ruin everything!

Not anyone could become a mayor, politician, then a senator from a crappy background and a poor laborer father. He was aiming to become the next president of the country. And of course, he had done some great things that typical men could never imagine.









"Aren't you sick of being called a useless, cheap gangster? If you help me, you will be able to hold power at a larger scale."

Everyone who was aware of the relationship between Myung-je Jin and him, insulted Jin. However, that was not exactly the reality. In-bae Lee was the one who first lent out a hand to a trash like Myung-je Jin and made great use of him. Of course, Jin tried to play games with vile intentions as well, but he was too much of an easy opponent for In-bae Lee. He had decided to deal with Jin once he was done using him to his advantage. There was no need to be associated with him beyond that. Then, he would go one step further to be in charge of the throne. Thus, there must not be room for errors. Not even one!



In-bae Lee was clenching his jaws so hard that his teeth almost broke as he exited the banquet hall and headed to the office. He got into the car and made a phone call.

"It is me."

"Yes."

"Status update?"

"More serious than expected. She is unconscious and is wearing an oxygen mask. I asked the doctor, and she might have brain damage from inhaling all that toxic gas."

"Good news for us. Get all the information organized and hand it over to me. Include the location of the room, the guards, the nurses, and when Samuel Seo leaves the room."

"Yes, Sir. Oh by the way! About the new apartment. I don't like it, It's too small. I would also like another credit card. One to use at the department stores as a VIP customer."








Too small? He almost scoffed. A luxurious apartment located in the middle of Gangnam was not enough? He suppressed his frustration. Now was not the time. He decided to reluctantly give him what he asked for.

"I understand. I will tell my manager to give you all the options you like."



In-bae Lee was furious that he had to deal with such a burden. He yelled at Sang-gu Park, who was just entering the office, "You hopeless son of a bitch!"

If Myung-je Jin was the knife in In-bae's hand, then Sang-gu was his shadow. The shadow that cleaned up after all the nasty crimes Lee had committed. An extremely dedicated one too. In-bae Lee had noticed the man's inherently satanic nature ever since he worked in the factory. Then, he intentionally approached Sang-gu, and groomed him per his liking.



"You made such a mess because you couldn't even kill off the right bitch!"



"I apologize. I never expected it to be so-"

"No more excuses. What about the ledger? Are you positive that the ledger hasn't been exposed to the public?"

"Yes. From what I have researched, the prosecutors and the police are not aware of its existence. The media are silent also."

For now, but eventually, they will find out. And those useless bastards won't let go! In-bae Lee massaged his temples with pressure and asked, "What happened to Hye-seong Jin, the hopeless punk?"










"The Drug Enforcement Team is dealing with him. They must have made a compromise to not speak about the shooting or the fire to get hold of Hye-seong's people. He is barely holding onto his life anyway. He was too injured from the shooting. The headline should only mention an internal conflict among the drug dealers, and that would be beneficial for the lighthouse."





In-bae Lee's face distorted into a frown. Samuel, that young punk was pretty meticulous. Or was it his grandfather who was in charge of everything? He never wanted to be associated with the Seoin Group in such a negative way. He blamed it all on Myung-je
Jin, that son of a bitch. It was Jin's fault that he was blackmailed with the ledger, the ledger was stolen, and that he was now enemies with Samuel Seo.

"What should we do? Since the guys of Seoin aren't proactively moving, the ledger must still be in the bitch's possession," Sang-gu said without confidence.

"Should've destroyed it back in America."

In-bae Lee clenched his teeth in fury. The girl had been quiet for four years, so he mistakenly believed that the ledger was in Hye-seong Jin's possession. He should have taken more precautions. No, it was not late yet. Not if he acts now.

His evil black eyes twinkled. "It's not too late to exterminate the little bitch. Then, the ledger will never be exposed. Luckily she's still unconscious, so get rid of her for good this time."

"Did you find out the girl's status on your own? She is currently protected by the Seoin Group, so it's a challenge to approach her?"


"Nevermind that. Just remember. This is the last shot we got. If we don't get her this time, we're finished for good."

Sang-gu got a headache. He knew very well from experience that his boss was short-tempered. His consequence would not only end at getting fired.








Sang-gu stepped out of In-bae Lee's office and returned home. He pulled out a bird's eye view map of the interior of Seoin Hospital and pondered for a while. According to In-bae Lee's source, the girl was located in the VIP room on the east side of the building. It was a special room where only authorized people with an ID card, such as registered nurses and doctors, could enter. Moreover, two security guards were stationed to watch over each room. It was definitely challenging to break in.



Then how would they get in?

He concluded that there was one way: to climb up through the windows. There would be one female nurse in the room, and she went home after ten at night, so there was his chance.

He meticulously prepared and headed to the hospital on time.

What a difficult bitch, this girl is!

Frankly, four years ago, he did not expect this job to become so complex and cumbersome. Push a disabled guy in front of a car and drown a daughter that ran away? He thought that was it. And he had done it countless times! But then, they made a major mistake with a girl.



What a dumb move!

Never expected the two to switch outfits!

In addition, he believed the lie that Myung-je Jin's daughter's red sports car was not there. He was positive that there was only one girl in the storage room?

<--Flashback begins ->

"Who? who are you people!"








When he broke into the door and turned on the flashlight, the woman squinted and covered her eyes. He noticed a notably red bloodstain on her clothes. He remembered the story that the woman who had fled ruined one of Myung-je Jin's reliable guards.

Sang-gu covered the woman's mouth and inserted the syringe without hesitation. Then, he had plunged the restless body into the river. He did so to naturally make it appear as if the woman died as a result of suicidal actions.

<--Flashback ends ->

It was not until the woman's body was found that he realized he had killed the wrong woman? that he had killed Myung-je Jin's daughter. The girl he should have gotten rid of was on a plane to America.


And now, she was in Samuel Seo's arms?

That lucky little bitch!

Whatever it is, that luck ends today!

Sang-gu smirked and accelerated the car. Two of his subordinates were waiting in front of the hospital. Fortunately, the hospital room he wanted to use was vacant. Even if it was occupied, he would have used it, but it's better not to cause any drama.

Once he arrived at the hospital, he ordered his subordinates to vigilantly guard the hospital, then wrapped a rope around his waist. Then he stood on the window sill. The floors below the fifth storey had security alarms attached to the walls, but Sang-gu was standing on the ninth floor.



He boasted his rock-climbing skills and successfully grabbed onto the window on the tenth floor. He opened it, entered the hospital






room, and instantly examined the area. The spacious room even had a reception room inside. Besides the machines buzzing, there was no sound of people. Beneath the curtains lay a woman wearing an oxygen mask.

Sang-gu fished out an ampule and syringe from his pocket. The ampule would cause a seizure and instant suffocation if injected into the fluids. He cautiously approached the bed and opened the curtains.













Late at night, a woman was relaxing at a glamorous spa. It was a high-end members-only salon that provided 24-hour service. It was popular among the wealthy, politicians, and celebrities. It was not a place one could enter with just money. Strong personal connections were necessary, and thus it was known for its high threshold.



The woman was content as she got out of the spa and wrapped a towel. A gowned attendant served her a beverage. It was perfect. This was the life she had wanted.

"Ms. Kim, follow me to the massage room please."

A staff in a livery courteously led her. A client was already inside- a woman showing her pale back with her face down.

Hyeon-ah Kim frowned a little. She wanted to be alone, which was why she had made an appointment at such a time of the day.

Who is that woman? A pale- skinned client at such a late time? Could be an actress.

Drawing a conjecture, she laid down on the bed. It was at that moment?

"You seem to be doing well, ma'am."

A familiar voice pierced her ear. She turned her head to the side of the bed in disbelief. Her pupils dilated.

"Yu-yuri Han!"

No way! It's incredible! How on earth is Yuri here? She was definitely lying unconscious this morning! The doctor clearly said she is in a coma!








Yuri replied as if she read all of Hyeon-ah's thoughts. "I was never in a coma. It was a lie all along. Oh, it would have been true if he were a minute late. There is a man who saved me from the fire."

Hyeon-ah looked so shocked as if she was struck by lightning.

"Why did you tell such a lie?"

"I was curious. How did In-bae Lee figure out that my father had the ledger? How did Sang-gu Park find me and Hye-yeon? How does Hye-seong Jin remember everything about me? Then I realized that all three of them have a connection to one person."

Yuri put on a gown and stood in front of Hyeon-ah . "You."

"Was it the day before the accident? Maybe two days before.

President Jin and the driver had a pretty big argument. Right in the hotel lobby. President Jin ordered his stupid servants to take him away."

"I don't know the details. All I did was eavesdrop on Hye-yeon while she was on the phone with you. Then a few days later Hye-yeon was found in the river."

"You honestly don't remember anything after that?"

Yuri spoke as she directly faced Hyeon-ah, who was clearly startled. "I thought about it when I heard that you yourself asked

Samuel about my well-being. To whom in the world is this story heading? So I asked them to bring you to the hospital room. If you were to see me lying unconscious, how would you react? I wanted to know. I'm a bit surprised. I thought it was Sang-gu, not you, who directly contacted In-bae Lee."

She handed something to Hyeon-ah . It was a photo. A photo of her with In-bae Lee, having an affair. Hyeon-ah shook her body in bewilderment.









"How did you-"

"You know Samuel Seo. That man will do whatever he wishes to.

There's more than this. How could you? My father, Hye-yeon? both were close friends of yours."

"What do you mean? Did I do something so wrong? All I did was tell them about the ledger because they were looking for it. How would

I have known they would die like that?"

"Stop lying. You knew In-bae Lee would be infuriated only by the fact that the ledger is exposed to the world. You worked for President Jin long enough to know this. You just did not care what would happen to these people! So cold-blooded!"

A whining moan flowed out of her throat. Then, there was a minute of silence. "That's right. Why should I care?" Hyeon-ah retorted. She could not be more apathetic. Her face became emotionless. The woman who was shocked and bewildered no longer existed. She smirked. "So what if they die or get tortured? Who cares!"

A blank face with no emotion. This was the real Hyeon-ah Kim. Yuri finally realized why she felt so uncomfortable around Hyeon-ah. The woman had no facial expression. Her facial muscles were moving, but her emotions were never there. Hyeon-ah put on a gown as she took out a cigarette from her pocket. An employee hastily came forward at the sight of smoke, then left when she noticed Yuri.



Hyeon-ah slowly broke the silence.

"My parents abandoned me the same way as they were running away from debt. I still remember. When I came back from school, the house was a mess, and President Jin and his guys were waiting for me. I'm pretty sure you can expect what those guys did to me. I








was only a child in school uniform. A child who was excited about the school camping trip."







The woman blurted out everything then smirked audibly. However, her eyes were cold as eyes. Yuri bit her lips at the gruesome news.

"I had to work at a hotel during the day, and deal with President Jin at night. I had to pay off the money that I had never even seen before. Every day was mundane and miserable. Then came a man who understood my situation like a psychic. He told me that if I help him, he will help me live the life I dream of. I had no reason to reject it. Whether he is a human, a god, a devil, I had nothing worse waiting for me."



Hyeon-ah continued as she exhaled the smoke. "President Jin trusted me without suspicion. He even told me all the hiding spots. Thanks to him I was able to get rid of every penny of debt I had. So, how's my story? My anecdote. Is it enough to answer your question? Let me ask one too. What happened to Hye-yeon?"

"Why are you so interested?"

"She did follow me around like a puppy. So, I want to know what her end was like." Just like Hyeon-ah said, Hye-yeon did like her a lot. She relied on her because she was lonely and wanted the attention and the affection that her parents never gave her.

Yuri stared at the woman for a moment, then replied, "Where I crazily hid was an empty storage space. I called Hye-yeon with the phone I took. I pleaded for help. The only person who could help me at the moment was Hye-yeon. That must have been the phone call you overheard."



The last piece of the forgotten memory? It might be the hint of death that only she would know.

<-Flash back begins->







Hye-yeon arrived at the storage space and teared up once she found Yuri. She did not have the audacity to speak up, but she was fully aware of what her father was up to. She was also aware that her friend was at risk of dying.

Hye-yeon said impatiently, "This note is for you. This is the hotel your uncle is staying at in Seoul. He told me to hand this to you. Take the taxi and go straight to this location. There are people spying at the bus terminal-"

"No, taxis aren't safe. They must have people spying in the taxis too."



The taxis around this location all had connections to President Jin. The profit that Hotel Jinseong provided to the taxis was significant.

After a moment of hesitation, Hye-yeon took off her earrings, ring, and watch. Then, she took out some cash from her wallet and handed everything to Yuri.

"Offer these to them. It should be worth more than what they get paid. They all do this for money anyways. Also-" Hye-yeon pointed at Yuri's blood-stained clothes. "You can't wear that in the taxi."

<-Flash back ends->

"You changed your clothes!" Hyeon-ah squinted her eyes in realization.

How could fate do this? Just like how Samuel thought she was Hye-yeon because of the uniform she wore, Hye-yeon was thought to be Yuri and died instead of her because of the clothes she wore.


"You're right. Hye-yeon offered to switch clothes because I could not be wearing something so bloodstained in the taxi. The






moment we got changed, we heard people outside. Hye-yeon told me to hide inside. She said the gang would not be able to mistreat her because they would recognize who she was. However, the one who showed up was not the gang, but Sang-gu Park."

The instant her memory was retrieved, the pain also revived. She had no choice but to clearly watch Hye-yeon get tortured by Sang-gu as she hid behind the wall. He injected a drug as he closed her mouth, a drug that instantly paralyzed her body. The same drug President Jin must have used on her. Then he threw Hye-yeon's still body into River Jinseong.

Splash!

The body sank. That was the death of her friend who was ever so altruistic.

She got shivers from retrieving the memory of that moment. It was dreadful. Yuri desperately calmed down her quaking body. However, she could not stop the tears from trickling down her face.

"Hye-yeon died because of me? instead of me."

She could not handle the fury, the anguish, and the shock anymore. The pain was excruciating. Yuri let go of the memory that she had been holding onto ever so desperately even when she had lost her father. Four years later, here she was standing.

"It's not only me. You, In-bae Lee, Sang-gu Park? These are all those who killed Hye-yeon and my father. You better wait, I am going to make sure you face the consequences." She glared at

Hyeon-ah, who appeared to be indifferent.













It's not her!

Sang-gu's eyes trembled when he confirmed the face of the woman lying in the bed behind the curtain. He checked the face multiple times in order not to make the same mistake again.

This is not the same woman! Dammit, it's a trap!

He felt a cold metal touch his skin just as he realized the error.

"Put your hands up."

From its sensation, it was not a knife. Is it a knife? Sang-gu sluggishly turned his body with his hands up. The glistening eyes of the man with a gun were very visible even in the dark room.

"sa-Samuel Seo!"

The man aiming the gun with a silencer was Samuel. Was it because of the reflection of the light from outside that his eyes glistened with fragments of light, and resembled those of a beast? It wasn't usual for a man to have such eyes. Sang-gu could feel his forehead become sweaty.



"You recognize me."

Sang-gu quickly calculated the distance between the door and himself. If he could dodge the first bullet, then he had a chance of escaping. Then, without a doubt, he sprung his body and dashed towards Samuel. Right when Samuel's body shook, he threw a blanket towards him.



Samuel would not be able to shoot when his body was shaking and his sight hindered. However, Sang-gu, as he was running as








fast as he could to the door, realized otherwise. Samuel's bullet precisely pierced his calf.

"Uggghhhhhh!"

Even though it was an airgun, because it was shot from a short distance, its power was enough to destroy a leg muscle in an instant. Samuel apathetically examined Sang-gu's injured leg, then summoned the woman on the bed. She rang the doorbell, and several men ran towards the open door. They mercilessly captured Sang-gu, who was vulnerably lying on the ground.

"I've also captivated the two rats downstairs."

An elderly man soon followed the feisty young-bloods. The moment he saw him, Sang-gu recognized they both had similar occupations.


Samuel said to the man, "Take care of it."

The woman got off from her bed and approached Sang-gu to wrap his leg with a bandage. She seemed to be an expert at it.

What was happening? How could he act so insanely if he allegedly calls himself a son of a major corporation?

The perplexed man's mouth was soon stuffed with pebbles and had his head covered with a cloth

The men dragged Sang-gu away and wiped off the bloodstains without leaving a mark.

Samuel handed a gun to Jin-wook and warned him. "Watch carefully. Stay vigilant."

The fact that he climbed up from the ninth floor to the tenth floor with only a rope and that he didn't get intimidated by an open fire






proved how reckless he was. Quite surprisingly, such a man did not have any criminal record, not even a single traffic ticket. In-bae Lee probably helped him clear his name. It gave him a heartache to think that such a satanic man endangered Yuri's life.

Jin-wook asked Samuel when he noticed the frown on his face,

"Does it hurt?"

"I think it got hurt when it got bumped into."

Samuel placed his hand on the waist that was cut by Hye-seong's bullet.



"I told you to leave it to me. I'll call Jin-ho."

Jin-wook clicked his tongue as he took out his phone. Although Samuel did not acknowledge it, his injury was quite serious. Not only did he get hurt by the bullet but was also burned in the arms, shoulders, back, and legs. Moreover, the inside of his ears was damaged from firing a shotgun constantly without any protection. But the man was preoccupied with worrying about Yuri Han. He was insane.



Jin-ho, who was summoned, awkwardly glanced at Jin-wook, and examined the injured area. A cut made by a bullet was nothing compared to a typical injury. The skin around the cut was dangling off the body. All they could do was to wish for the skin to naturally heal itself shut.



Jin-ho sighed and told Samuel as he wrapped up the first aid, "It's dangerous to leave it to worsen. Don't you remember Dr. Yang's advice? And I'll be stopping by your place. You need to apply ointment and change bandages."

"Go ahead." Samuel asked as he buttoned his shirt, "What about Yuri?"









"She must still be with Hyeon-ah Kim."

Samuel's face turned stern. Ever since Yuri retrieved her memory, she appeared as if she was trying to overcome something. This wasn't something he had control over. All he could do was obey her.


"Are you sure you took good care of it?"

"Of course. I told the employees to act immediately if Hyeon-ah Kim seems to threaten Ms. Han in any way. Are you actually thinking about using Hyeon-ah to capture In-bae Lee?"

Samuel recollected his research of Hyeon-ah. He got the impression that the woman's thoughts were unreadable. Her eyes also appeared dead. He replied as he wore a jacket, "The list needs to be exposed by someone and that someone should not be Yuri."

"I understand your concern. I will take caution."







On his way home, Samuel felt his body flushing in the back of the car. His damaged ears and burns were annoying the hell out of him. He asked Manager Choi to inform him once Yuri arrived, then went into the bedroom. He took off his jacket and shirt, hung them on a chair, and threw himself into bed. Of course, he was exhausted.



He hadn't had a second to rest ever since the hospital incident. He had to make deals to fight off Hye-seong, spy on Hyeon-ah and Sang-gu, and pulled all-nighters to come up with plans to bring catastrophe to In-bae Lee. His whole body ached. It had been so long since he had felt sick. It was the first time ever since he found out about Hye-yeon Jin's death.



Samuel closed his eyes to recollect his memories. He opened them at the sensation of a hand on his forehead.

"Are you okay?"

A voice that was weak but soothing asked.

It was Yuri, who was sitting beside and looking down at him.



The eyes opened. Was it because they were soaked in the darkness that they were unreadable?

He looked way youthful with his hair cut short like a soldier. Yuri lifted her hand from his forehead. His intense fever had somewhat vanished completely.

"When did you arrive?"

It's getting late. Yuri still looked at him with concern.







"It's been a while. The fever was severe when I first arrived, but luckily Dr. Jung gave some antipyretics. He will be coming back for a check-up this evening. There is currently no sign of a fever."

"Don't be concerned. It happens once a while." Samuel gradually elevated his body as he asked, "How was your encounter with

Hyeon-ah Kim? I allowed it because you wanted to see her so much-"

Yuri murmured with an ambivalent face, "I should not have seen her just like you told me."

"What did that woman say?"

"She told me what kind of life she had lived until now. What kind of hardship she went through because of President Jin, and how she was tortured."

"Do you empathize with her?"

"No. I just could not understand her at all from head to toe as a person. Actually, I didn't want to understand her. I don't believe that being in pain gives you the right to harm others. There can't be forgiveness or empathy if there is no understanding. Thus, I decided not to understand the woman. Never in my life."

Samuel silently gazed into her eyes. She was a strong and stable woman.

Yuri tried to change the subject, "Oh, by the way, Dr. Jung left me this for you. I was asked to apply it when you wake up."

It was an ointment for burns. Samuel reached out with an annoyed expression. "I'll take care. Give it to me."

"There are areas you won't be able to reach. I'll do it."








"And you know where those areas are? I'm going to take off all of my clothes, and you're okay with that?" he said mischievously.

Yuri was startled for a second but soon regained her composure.

Whatever. He's a patient right now. She decided not to avoid it.

"Yeah. Since when did we care about such a thing?"

Nonetheless, she regretted her words the very next instant. Samuel began to strip his clothes recklessly, with the eyes of a man who greedily desired her as always. Usually, she was the one who took her clothes off. Was it because this situation was otherwise? She was aware that she had to look away, but she could not make herself do so. Only from making eye contact, it felt as if the two were intimately fondling each other.



Yuri had to arduously suppress the urge to burst into tears. She was told Samuel was hurt, but she never expected his condition to be so disastrous. He was wrapped in badges all over his body. He had a thick one covering his waist, where Hye-seong's bullet brushed through.



Samuel got completely naked and lay down in the bed. Yuri undid his bandages to apply the ointment. She could not help but sigh at the sight of the black and red scabs all over his skin. She held the ointment and stared at his injuries for a while.

"You are just going to keep staring?"

"I'm sorry. I didn't know you would be so hurt?," she said frankly.

Samuel replied nonchalantly, "These burns are mostly first or second degree. They'll heal soon."

"You never complain about your discomfort."










"?I learnt my lesson as a child. When I get injured or uncomfortable, the people around me get into trouble instead."

She could never guess that this was the thought inside a strong, proud, and cold man. She cautiously applied the ointment on his injury. He twitched in pain whenever the cold substance touched his skin. She had never realized until now that Samuel had countless scars and cuts on his back.

Why does a man like him have so many injuries?

She unconsciously felt every single scar in sight as if she was feeling all the moments he lived that she did not know of.

Samuel groaned lightly.

She said carefully, "I'm sorry. Did it hurt a lot?"

Samuel let go of her grasp and lifted his body.







Samuel could not hide his embarrassment at the innocent question that asked if it hurt him. It did hurt him. The moment her slender fingers stroked his back, his manhood engorged and was squished by the bed.


"It's nothing like that."

"Or?,"

Yuri looked at him getting up and stopped breathing for a moment. The object between his legs was visibly upright to the point that it looked gross.

"I can't stand it when you touch me like that. If you don't want to do more, then we better stop here."

Samuel held onto his own with a hardened expression. He was acting odd today. Normally, he would greedily desire Yuri without hesitation. Probably it was because of the warning that his wounds might not heal properly. No, if they were solely concerned about the wounds, there were plenty of other ways to satisfy his sexual desire.



Yuri, who was about to turn around, froze at the sudden epiphany that struck her like lightning. The reason he was holding it in, the reason he was showing full respect to her, the reason his body was covered with burns and wounds and scars? The reason was Yuri.

She approached Samuel.

"What are you doing?"

He looked at the girl kneeling between his legs, with a puzzled face. She carefully reached out to his erect rod.







"I'll? do it for you."

"There's no need."

The shaft that was already standing tall, was about to burst just from her rubbing. Even though it was already time for it to subside, he refused her contact.

"Why? Aren't you struggling?"

"You don't prefer this. Don't force yourself." He was aware that she did not prefer using her mouth and hands during sexual intercourse.


She looked up at him and said, "I want to give you something. You got hurt because of me."

Speechless, he stared at her for a while.

At the unexpected reaction, he cautiously asked, "Am I too clumsy at it?"



He chuckled. "No way. Do you know how much I have been craving for your touch?" He touched her lips as if he were painting with his fingers. Then he whispered, "At moments like this, I always thought about you? with my hands."

She gilded her body between his legs and slowly brought her lips to his rod. Her tongue licked the pre-cum that was ejaculating from it?


"Ha-"

It was an instinctive sound. Samuel let out a low moan and put his hand into her hair. Confused whether to stop her or push her deeper, he ended up simply stroking the back of her head.








Yuri swallowed the whole thing after licking the surface for a while. It was especially warm and large today. She had not even put it halfway but was already out of breath.

"Only as much as you can. There's no need to try too hard."

Motivated by his soothing voice, she opened her mouth wider. A hand that did not know where to go ended up on his thighs. She sucked hard that which was stuffed in her mouth. She tightened her lips with strength. Every time she pressed his glans with the roof of her mouth, he sighed audibly. She felt peculiar. She had never gained pleasure from this action before. However, she was pleased for the first time to see the man moan in pleasure because of her. As she watched him groan and twitch his thigh muscles,she wished he could feel a little more.



She raised her gaze as if examining his condition. She could feel her heart beat rapidly. Samuel looked shockingly erotic, provocative, and destructive as he exhaled and brushed up his hair. His eyes hers, held her hand, and placed it on his testicles. She massaged them gently. He could not help but clench her hair firmly.



"May I come inside?"

He could not be more patient than this. If she rejected, he would obediently peel himself off her body. However, she nodded.

Relieved, he penetrated deeper. Although he was worried that she might be too exhausted, he simultaneously moved his waist. His jaw dropped. He could not suppress a moan from slipping out of his throat. At the same time, warm liquid seeped into her mouth.

After a moment of relaxation, he pulled his body away from hers. She touched her mouth. It was not her first oral sex, but it was her first time having semen in her mouth.






Did she have to swallow it or spit it out? She looked up at Samuel in confusion.

He stroked her neck and asked gently, "Can you swallow it?"

She nodded and lightly moved her neck, he smirked and placed his lips on hers. He opened up her lips and sucked all of his fluid from her mouth. He then licked her mouth for a while, then said.

"This is the first time tasting my own."

She was still short of breath, he lifted and hugged her. He placed her body on top of his. She tried to budge in case she puts pressure on his injuries, but he pressed her back to hold her still. Then he kept stroking her hair and back.

This was not to sexually arouse her. Then what was it for?

Even Samuel did not know. Nor did he know that they had something left to talk about.

Yuri lifted her head up after a minute. She met his eyes and said in a low voice, "Let's go find the ledger tomorrow. I would appreciate it if you join me."









All along the way to Jinseong, Yuri stared vacantly out of the window. To ensure her safety, Jin-wook and the guards had tagged along. Samuel silently drove and watched her.

After passing the tollgate, she keyed in the address into the GPS. It was an ordinary address. Was it a house? It wasn't a storage facility or a bank of sorts. There was nowhere to hide things?

"Are you sure it's here?" he asked as he read out the address.

"I'm positive."

"Looks like an ordinary house to me. Are you familiar with this place?"

"Yes. It's possibly the safest place in the world."

According to Yuri, what President Jin had in possession was a handwritten list/ledger. Its receipts were handwritten so that the ones who accepted the bribe had no way out. This must weigh quite a lot. So how could they possibly hide it without attracting any suspicion?



Although skeptical, he obediently headed in the direction the GPS guided him. After passing a few complicated streets, the car stopped in front of an old house with a tin roof.

What on earth is this place?

Yuri got out of the car and casually pushed the gate open. Samuel followed closely. Inside, they met an unexpected man.

"Sir."











The hearing-impaired man kept to his work. Samuel immediately recognized him. It was Mr. Shin, the man who picked up his father's hat for him. At that time, he had walked around the riverside in the opposite direction, so he did not realize that this place was where all the recyclable trash was collected.

Sensing a presence, Mr. Shin turned back. He was shocked to find Yuri and Samuel behind him. She approached him and communicated in sign language. Looking at all the papers and trash rolling here and there, Samuel finally understood why she had called this place the 'safest place on earth.' They say to hide the tree in the forest, afterall.



After a long conversation with Mr. Shin, Yuri finally brought a small box.



Samuel asked in wonder, "How did you get this?"

"I headed straight to the hotel the moment I arrived in Jinseong. I knew in advance what time they would throw out the trash from the office. The office keeps its trash confidential and out of touch, else the people get into trouble. So, before I headed to the police station, I met the man and communicated in sign language. I told him to keep hold of the trash from Hotel Jinseong if he sees a box that is tied in a knot."



"And how can we trust that person?"

"Mr. Shin lost his family and an ear when he struggled to pay President Jin back, just like my father. He has a stronger will to avenge President Jin than anyone else. He happily agreed when I informed him that I had something in possession to mess with his enemy."













Hyeon-ah Kim and Mr. Shin? They must all have sought revenge on President Jin because of similar reasons. Now, was it In-bae Lee's turn?


Samuel opened the ledger. He saw countless names of politicians who accepted bribes, the details of their transactions, names of prostitutes and drugs throughout decades. In-bae Lee and President Jin had extensive connections with reporters, prosecutors, police, politicians, and many more. The moment this detailed ledger would be exposed, the current presidential candidate would lose everything. He would have no way out, since the evidence consisted of photos, voice recordings, handwriting, and even videos as receipts.



But this was not just In-bae Lee's matter alone. The numerous individuals on this ledger would attempt to do anything to conceal their misdeeds. Anyone could potentially become the next Sang-gu Park. Thus, the one to reveal the lead to the world should never be Yuri Han.



Samuel briefly organized his thoughts, then said, "This ledger? Can you leave this ledger to me? Frankly, this is not something one person can possibly deal with. Most of all, I cannot tolerate you being at risk once again."

"-Is it possible for you?"

"It's possible for me."

Although there were things he would need to deal with, Samuel didn't say the 'although' part.

Yuri, who silently gazed into his eyes, nodded her head. "But promise me one thing. Promise me that you will avenge the murders of my father and Hye-yeon."








"I promise."

He called Jin-wook who was waiting outside. The latter's expression stiffened when he saw the ledger. It was enough to make even the Seoin Group go under pressure. Nevertheless, Samuel was willing to do anything Yuri wanted. Even if it were the edge of a cliff, he would run. He was ready to risk it all for her. Even if he had to jump off a cliff.



After Jin-wook left with the ledger, Samuel walked to Mr. Shin. He asked him to name what he wanted, but the latter simply shook his head and refused.

'The reward I wanted was Jin's death, and I have already received it.'



The two said their farewell and exited the place. Yuri headed to the sidewalk near River Jinseong, Samuel silently followed. As he listened to the rustling of grass, he reminisced the day he first met her. The time that he could never go back to.

Right then, Yuri abruptly stopped walking. "I have something to tell you."



It was time to begin talking about their last remaining story.








A strong wind blew on Yuri's long hair. A light grin appeared on her face only to instantly fade away.

This was dangerous. His intuition tried to warn him. The story that was about to begin would crumble him. Nonetheless, Samuel could not keep his eyes off her. Her pale blue lips opened.

"We should stop seeing each other."

His pupils constricted. "What?"

"I'm going back to America. There is no reason for me to stay here anymore."

"No reason? I am not the reason for you?"

"You? you're the reason why I should leave."

Samuel froze completely. He knew. He had always known that this would be the consequence once all of her lost memories were retrieved and the truth was revealed. Everything was planned to end up like this since the moment he had ruined her life. Still, her words threw him into lava. The pain was excruciating.

"What can I do for you? What can I do besides seeking revenge on In-bae Lee?" His voice cracked.

No matter how he tried to recompense, her father or Hye-yeon Jin would not come back alive. President Jin was already dead, and Hye-seong Jin was in a deep coma. In-bae Lee would also soon lose his reputation as a politician, which would serve as a worse punishment than losing his own life.











Yuri, as she looked at the man who appeared like his world just fell apart, replied indifferently, "You did so much for me. You saved my life. You avenged me."

"?Not like this. I told you. I won't give up like this! America? You wish! You think I'll let you leave so easily?"

"Don't. Please don't. I beg you." The woman who once looked at the man with affection was now stabbing his heart. Samuel clenched his teeth to endure the pain.

"I understand how stupidly I have behaved with you. I don't ask for mercy. I won't ask for your love. You can call me filthy and loathe me as much as you want. Please, just let me stand by you. Let me live." said Samuel.


Yuri shook her head. "?I don't want to."

"The time we spent together doesn't mean anything to you?"

"That? was for the contract."

The contract. He felt something hot rising from his chest and catching in his throat. He finally realized that it was the price he could not avoid paying, just like President Jin, Hye-seong Jin, and In-bae Lee. A contract that was forcibly enforced solely for his own greed, which led to the sin of tempting a woman who lost her family, friend, and even her memory.



He was too preoccupied with himself being in pain for having been deceived and abandoned that he did not listen to the woman properly. What was he supposed to do? He couldn't turn back time or forcibly hold onto her like before. He was willing to kneel down and repent any moment, but the woman in front of him simply stared at him without any expectation.










Samuel approached her and took her hand. He did so unconsciously, as he desperately tried to grab onto her from leaving. "?This is your revenge on me?" His jaw trembled as he spoke. The memory became a knife and stabbed him. When he had threatened her to stay by his side, she had once asked?

"Do you want to take revenge on me because I cheated on you?"

"If I really thought that way, you wouldn't be standing here in front of me in human form. Ah, speaking of which, I should add one more condition. Do not ever deceive me."

"What exactly do you want me to do?"

"I'm going to think about that right now."

He had found the answer only now. The answer he should have given her back then was that he just wants to love her. That was really all he wanted.

Yuri shook her head. "It's nothing like that."

"Then? At least loathe me and curse at me. I'll tolerate everything. I'm willing to accept any offence. I'll do whatever you want. I'll give you whatever you need. So, please Yuri-"

It kept overlapping? The day his father and mother left him. Samuel poured out words and emotions that he couldn't express at the time as he grasped onto her shoulder earnestly. Yes, he should have been like this earlier.

"Please don't abandon me."

Compassion filled the eyes of the woman who was always very calm. She would think he's acting so randomly, and that nothing made sense right now. He knew he looked ridiculous. He wanted to grab onto his stomach and laugh out loud. Even though he hated






being sympathized, now he wanted to beg for it. Perhaps what was reflected in her eyes was the face of a boy who was too afraid to be abandoned.

She grinned lightly. "I'm not abandoning you. You already know about my health."

He stopped for a moment like a broken doll. Only his eyes twinkled. Yuri, who was rescued from the abandoned hospital, underwent various examinations. As expected, her body was plagued with various neurological drugs and suicide attempts. The most serious issue was in her brain. The neurologist had explained her condition dejectedly.



"The brain is seriously damaged by the drug. As you can see from the MRI, the blood flow to the brain is dramatically reduced.."

"Can it be cured through treatment?"

"No. Unfortunately, a brain can not be restored once it is damaged."

"Then, what's going to happen?"

"The disease with the highest incidence would be Alzheimer's.

This patient should be concerned about premature dementia, which appears in people under the age of 65."

As soon as he had heard the word 'Alzheimer's,' he had placed his hand on his heart. It felt like something hot and heavy was pressing against his chest. As Seo Pharmaceuticals had been investing in the development of a new Alzheimer's drug, he was very aware of the kind of disease it was. This was too harsh. It felt like breathing underwater. His lungs hurt, Yuri did not deserve such pain. His vision was blurry, and he felt wet from head to toe.






He closed his eyes and opened them again. "I already know. Because I know? I can't let you go even more. You were ruined because of me. How can I let you go? I'll keep taking care of you until the day I die. Even if? you can't remember me."








Yuri looked at Samuel for a while, then shook her head. Her voice was deep. "I don't want that. I don't know how much I have to live as myself, and I don't want to live with resentment and hatred for you. I already have so many people I have to hate. From now on, I want to stay happy and loving. Even if I forget myself."

The woman's firm eyes told him that there was no chance that she would love him or ever live happily with him. He could not rebut. He had no right to.

"Is that what you really wish?"

"Yes."

"Is that and revenge all I can do for you?"

"?Yes."

He shut his eyes tightly and struggled to breathe. After a pretty long minute of silence, he exhaled, and spoke up, "?Sure."

Samuel erased any emotion that was left on his face. Then, he soon restored his cold, apathetic mien, but this time, his eyes were clinging onto Yuri desperately. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry for everything I did to you in the name of love. I'm sorry for all the times I hurt you. I know I can't even dare to plead for forgiveness. So, so just?."

He hesitated. The tremble was felt. The tremble from her was felt by him. Actually, from him to her. They trembled simultaneously in synchronization. The hand on her shoulder fell to the ground.

"I'll do as you ask."

"Thank you."









She lifted up the corners of her lips. She looked melancholic although she was smiling for sure. Her face also looked somewhat crumbled. "When I said I would have been glad if we met a different way, I was being honest."

"Yuri."

"Take care, Mr. Seo."

Yuri turned away and walked again. This time, he could not follow.

He probably would not be able to anymore? Eternally.

The sight of her trembling back would forever linger in his heart. When he closed his eyes, something dropped down. He was not sure if it was his tears or soul. His love came to an end. It was disgustingly arduous, painful, and desperately tempting.

And that? was the last.



There was a woman walking along the river where the light dissociated. The woman was crying. And beside her was a shadow of a motionless man.

For the past three years, the dream had always ended like that, whether it was a gloomy nightmare or a happy reminiscent dream.


Yuri slowly opened her eyes to the familiar lights and ceiling. It was

Dr. Davis's therapy room.

"Did you sleep well? You were snoring." Dr. Davis, sitting at the desk across the counseling chair, spoke to her. "I've never seen someone sleep so well in that seat."










Yuri grinned and got up from the counseling chair. "I'm sorry. I'm a bit busy because of the exhibition. I guess I was exhausted from working out this morning too."

"Oh right, you work out these days, don't you? What kind of exercise?"

"I do pilates every day, and swimming and jogging every other day."



"Wow, I can't imagine living like that. Now that you seem to have recharged, let's begin our conversation." He lifted up his glasses.

She fixed her posture and then her eyes on her doctor.

"How is your sleep? Do you sleep well?"

"Yeah, I fall asleep once I lie down."

"Do you still have the same nightmare?"

"No, I don't dream at all these days. Especially about that day."

"Are you eating well?"

"I don't skip any meal, and I'm trying to eat a nutritious one too."

"I can see that."

The once boneless Yuri had gained a lot of weight. She looked way healthier, and her face glowed. Her tall physique was now a bit muscular, and she looked more feminine than ever. Although she was not aware, there were a lot of men in the streets who tried to talk to her.














Dr. Davis continued to ask questions as he recorded her condition on the computer. "I reduced the frequency of your medication to twice a week. How is it? Is it tolerable?"

"It wasn't bad. It didn't interfere with my life that much."

"Then how about we try going medication-free for a while? Do you think you can do it?"

"I'll try."

"Then Yuri, I have good news for you. Your treatment is over."

Over. The word sounded so special all of a sudden. She asked back with confusion, "Really?"

"Of course. I won't lie about something like this."

"I never expected this-"

"But you seem to be so excited?"

"I can't help it. It's pretty expensive, you know."

At her blunt reply, Davis laughed in amusement. "I heard from Roy that you're quite renowned these days. Collectors buy every picture you draw, and you've already held your own exhibition. I'm assuming that finance should not be a concern?"

"Most of my income is used to pay off my uncle's debt from treatment. In order to move to a house with an elevator, I should try to draw more diligently."

"Oh well? but still, if you feel somewhat off, you should come back immediately. People come to the hospital for physical pain but seem to act otherwise when it comes to mental health. In order to








cure the pain of your mind, you need to take medication if needed also. Do you understand me?" Dr. Davis smiled kindly.

Yuri got up from her seat and bowed her head. "I sure will. Thank you so much for your help."

"You did very well too. I'll visit the exhibition with my wife. Oh, and by the way, how is Roy doing? It's about time for him to visit me for consultation.."

"His work in California is almost done. He should be coming back tomorrow or the day after."

"If you see him, please remind him to visit me. He's been avoiding me for months. He rarely listens to me."

She lightly chuckled at his complaint.








After leaving the clinic, Yuri tightly tied the laces of her sneakers.

She had to walk quite a distance to the Alzheimer's Aid Centre, where she was volunteering once a week.

Marching down the street, she stopped in front of a sandwich shop. The shop was crowded with office workers ordering takeouts during lunch. She blended into the crowd and chose a sandwich and a soy milk latte. Then, she headed to a bench at the park and began eating.



She could not help but beam at the taste of fresh vegetables and salmon. This was true happiness. The sky was blue, and the sandwich was absolutely delicious. She enjoyed the taste by taking enough time to chew on the food. Then, she abruptly remembered something.



"You swallow much later than I do. You tend to chew much more when it's your favourite food."

After the comment, the man seemed to have grinned with warm eyes.



It had been three years since she returned to America from Korea. Nevertheless, her memories were clear as if they were from yesterday. Especially ones related to Samuel that still made her tear up at times.


The night she broke up with him, she had immediately rented a room at the hotel in which Roy stayed at. Then she almost fainted to sleep. She only recovered from exhaustion the day after. When she opened her eyes, Roy was looking down at her with concern.

"How did you come in?" she asked with a tired voice, she did not recollect opening the door for him.






"Samuel Seo. The man visited." Because he was worried about you- he added.

She remembered that she was in Hotel Seoin. Opening a door would be a breeze to the man.

Roy pointed at the stuff across her bed. "They say these are all yours. They also told you to come back if anything is missing. Manager Choi will always be here. By the way, what happened?"

"It ended. The relationship with him."

"Are you feeling okay?"

"Yeah, yeah? I guess so. It's what I wanted."

Roy massaged her shoulders to imply that she did not have to respond anymore.

Then for three days, Yuri ran her errands. She visited the City Hall, the bank, and the cemetery where her father and Hye-yeon were.

A familiar team of guards followed her everywhere. It was Samuel's last request, and she had chosen to allow it. Had he gifted her with presents or money, she would have rejected it.

In-bae Lee's case was officially broadcast two days after she came back to America. Her uncle hastily woke her up and showed her the Korean news. Surprisingly, the anonymous informant who turned in the list was Hyeon-ah Kim, In-bae Lee's mistress. In-bae Lee, who attempted to escape abroad, was arrested at the airport.

The most probable presidential candidate's downfall was aired internationally. His arrest at the airport was effective enough to reveal his truly evil persona.









The prosecutors dealt with the case, and every criminal act he had been concealing was now revealed. In the process, more than a dozen cases of Sang-gu Park's murders that In-bae Lee had helped hide, were all revealed by the investigative agency. Hye-yeon's murder was one of them.



Criminal psychologists diagnosed Sang-gu's mental status as more fanatic than psychopathic. It was concluded that his extreme devotion to In-bae Lee was the driving force.

There was no way In-bae Lee could avoid a life sentence in prison while murderer San-gu Park was sentenced to death.

In addition, everyone involved in the crime was punished. The corrupt officers of Jinseong who served as subordinates of Lee were all replaced. Hyeon-ah Kim was not an exception.

Initially, Yuri couldn't understand Samuel's decision to make

Hyeon-ah Kim the public informant. Her sin was nowhere near the level of that of Sang-gu or In-bae, but it was unforgivable that her actions led to catastrophe. However, she drew attention on the internet and even received funds by gaining sympathy by broadcasting her unfortunate past.



Then, one day, she was punished in the most unexpected way possible. She hanged herself in an apartment that was guarded by a group of police officers. The death was suspicious, as she had ordered food for delivery five minutes before the incident. Ultimately, the list that was in her possession went missing, and even the photocopies and data? the prosecutors lost validity.

When she was informed about Hyeon-ah Kim's death, Yuri felt shivers down her spine for the first time. That woman was never one to commit suicide. Her greed for wealth and life was stronger than anyone. Someone definitely ended her life.







The one who hanged herself could have been Yuri instead? had she exposed the list to the world. And that was exactly what Samuel wanted to avoid. He was very aware of the consequences.

It was a bitter consequence, but one she needed to accept.

Yuri suffered from insomnia and nightmares during the entire trial regarding In-bae Lee. In her dreams, the deaths of her father and Hye-yeon were constantly replayed. She could not dare to do anything else besides visiting Dr. Davis for quite a long time.

After half a year of In-bae Lee's notorious trial, he, Sang-gu Park, and several other associates were punished. Yuri's nightmares had begun to erode ever since.

The first night she did not suffer from a nightmare, Yuri chopped her long hair short. It was a hairstyle she had not had after middle school. She resumed drawing. She got a room near the studio, began working out, and even did community service when she had the time.



She lived every day diligently and passionately. She did so as if she was trying to regain the days she had lost. She also began to gain respect for her work, and make money. Thanks to it, she was recognized by many others and even opened her own exhibition.

Ever since her life became busy, she has come to not think so much about Korea. Although she did always end up thinking about the man? Samuel Seo.






The Alzheimer's Care Center, where Yuri volunteered, was a place where patients with mild to moderate conditions received rehabilitation. The volunteer was responsible for monitoring the conditions of the patients and making sure there were no abrupt emergencies. Although there were no patients with mobility problems or difficulty in going to the bathroom, the role required considerable consideration.



Today was not very different. The patient who told Yuri she was going to the bathroom did not come back. Unlike most of the patients, she was a woman of a relatively young age, not looking any older than fifty. She was washing her hands again and again in front of the sink. This was because she kept forgetting that she had washed her hands. Forgetting that she washed her hands, ate her meal, getting words mixed up, losing the sense of time and location, and being easily triggered were all typical symptoms of a moderate Alzheimer's condition.



There was no way to recover other than to adherently take medication and continue rehabilitation to slow down the progress. Little by little, Yuri was learning about the disease that might grow in her one day. She wanted to prepare herself so she would not panic or get confused in the future.



After her service, she stopped by the grocery store on her way back home. Her fridge was totally empty because she had been staying in her studio to work on her project for the past few days. Ever since she had become considerate of her health, she was sincere with the food she ate.

After she meticulously chose her items, she headed to the cashier. Then, she instantly froze.

Samuel?






She was certain she saw him. No way.

She trembled as she walked towards where she had seen him. However, of course, there was no one there. She was being delusional. She shook her head. There was no way the man was here. Ever since they broke up, they hadn't spoken to each other.

During the In-bae Lee proceeding, she could notice the eyes looking over her. They were guards hired by Samuel. She had approved of the security because she didn't want to experience what she did in Jinseong ever again. Samuel was a man who kept his words. After they concluded that she was safe, they had all and did not interfere with her life again.



They were people from different worlds in the first place. He was a man on the television and in magazines. In fact, she had learned that he became the vice-president of Seoin and began to focus more on pharmaceuticals and manufacturing because of family politics all through the news.

Surprisingly, the one who successfully formed a relationship with Daejin, unlike Samuel, was Jae-won Lee. The story of his marriage to Si-yeon was a topic on the front cover of magazines for a month. People found their journey interesting. After all, the couple had been friends for over two decades, went to the same college, the girl had almost married the man's cousin, Samuel, and their mothers were archrivals?



What's more, Si-yeon had been pregnant before the wedding. Everything about them was enough to keep the gossipmongers on their toes. Of course, they were irrelevant to Yuri.

As she entered the apartment lobby with grocery bags in hand, an elderly security guard greeted her. The five-story apartment building she lived in was located away from downtown and was built thirty years ago. It did not have an elevator and often had






power outage issues. Instead, to compensate for its flaws, the rent was very cheap and was located near her studio. Of course, cheap rent in New York still cost a lot, and she would not have been able to live there without the support of her agency.

Yuri had always gone up the stairs to the fifth floor. Initially, she would hyperventilate, but now she was not tired at all. Her unit was the one all the way down the hallway. It had a small kitchen, a bathroom, and a small bedroom. It was almost vacant since she spent most of her time in her studio.

After a shower, she wrapped a towel around her head and prepared dinner. She sliced the vegetables she bought at the grocery store and put the pasta noodles into the pot. Then, her phone rang. It was a call from the manager of the agency who was helping her prepare the exhibition.

I have something to tell you about the exhibition. Do you have a minute?

"Yes. Is there a problem?"

Well, about that?

The articulate woman stuttered for a minute, then started talking again.



Do you really have no means to exhibit 'Apollo'?

"I thought we talked over this. 'Apollo' is very personal to me. I don't want it at the exhibition."

I know, Yuri. I know how resolute you are, but still, I think 'Apollo' is the most suitable piece that should be the main artwork of the exhibition.











"You mean the piece I am working on is not enough to be the

'main'?"

No, that's not what I mean. It has weight and is expressive, yet very detailed. Once it's complete, it might be the most expensive piece you have ever made. Nevertheless, Apollo would grasp everyone's attention. It's the only relief as well. Yuri, I want to make this exhibition flawless.


She knew what it meant. The manager was famous for her taste. She had also encouraged her during her burnout phase. She cared about the exhibition as much as she did. She sighed and replied quietly.


"?I'll consider it."

When she hung up, the pasta was cooked just right. She ate dinner and cleaned up. She then took out her drawing book like always. After drawing a few meaningless lines, she grabbed the pencil and pondered.


Apollo?

A relief that depicts a man who repeatedly comes to mind while she lost her memory. How was she feeling when she made it? The man whom she could not let go of even after losing her memories. A love that was uncontrollable enough to destroy everything in the other person. Then, was her love actually love?

"The time we spent together doesn't mean anything to you?"

"That?? was for the contract."

Was that really all?




The memory of him became clearer as time passed and choked her in the neck. She thought it was nothing. She thought she was going to forget. However, the time in which she tried not to fill with hatred was instead filled with longing. No matter how hard she denied it, she liked him a lot. No, maybe, she loved him. She loved the man who ruined her life and acted so ruthlessly all the time. It was because she noticed the affection and empathy in him. Only after she could overcome the pain was she able to look back on her frank emotions.



Of course, the epiphany wouldn't change the present. She simply wanted this phase to be over. She wanted the hatred, the longing, and every other emotion that lingered to vanish.

She shook her head and cleared her mind. Then, she moved her hands over the blank paper. It was that moment when the lights turned off and her room became completely dark.

"Ah, not again!"

The power outage was a frequent occurrence in this house. The landlord was not able to fix anything due to financial issues.

Yuri first opened the window and checked on the other rooms. The room downstairs seemed to be bright with the electricity working normally. Then, there must be a problem in her room. She considered calling the maintenance but decided against it. The maintenance man was always complaining about his sore knees, and she did not want to make them worse.

It was late at night. Should she just go to sleep and ask for help in the morning? But then she remembered the groceries inside the fridge.










'I can't handle this anymore.'

If the problem was only in this room, it was most likely that the leakage breaker was down. She decided to take a look at it at the end of the hallway.

She put on a cardigan over her pajamas and headed to the hallway and opening the cover took a look inside. Just as she expected, it was only her leakage breaker that was down. Was there any potential risk factor around it? She went back to her room to bring her phone and turned on the flashlight to speculate. After deciding there was nothing dangerous, she attempted to pull up the leak breaker. However, it was located too high for her to reach it. She noticed a ladder in the corner and brought it.



She went up the ladder and pulled up the leakage breaker. That moment, a blue spark ignited and made a racket.

"Ahhhhh!"

The ladder collapsed because her body shook the moment she felt a stinging sensation in her fingertips. Yuri fell and hit her head on the ground. Her sight was blurred, either from the electric shock or the concussion.

In her cloudy vision, she noticed someone standing in front of her.

Who is this?

The arms that held her felt so familiar. The hands that rescued her from emergencies? It couldn't be?

She wanted to confirm who the owner of the hands was but succumbed to unconsciousness.










The next morning, the very first person Yuri saw when she came around in the hospital was Roy, who was supposed to be in Philadelphia on a long-term business trip.

"How are you feeling?"

She recognized the face that was looking down at her. It belonged to Roy, a face which she'd found familiar just until three years ago.

But now, she only blankly looked up at his face, dumbfounded by his appearance before her.

"Roy? When did you come back?"

"Last night. I stopped by your apartment on my way to the studio from the airport."

Well, then it must have been Roy who took me to the hospital. Who in the world am I expecting anyway? While scoffing at her own preposterousness, she expressed her gratitude to the man.

"Thank you for helping me."

"What happened?"

"I guess I got shocked when I was trying to turn on the circuit breaker. It made me jump, so I fell off the ladder. "

Roy heaved a deep sigh as she explained. "I was worried as you seemed to have hit your head when you fell. But luckily your tests came out fine. Do you feel any other discomfort?"

Now that he mentioned it, she felt an ache in her right arm. She must've hurt it when she fell to the ground. Tests later showed that she had a hairline fracture on her right wrist bone and for that, she would need to receive two weeks of treatment and another two weeks for rehabilitation. She couldn't believe how soon she was







back to the hospital after being all pleased for finally being done with Dr. Davis's sessions only recently.

But as a consolation, someone who claimed to represent the owner of the apartment had come to visit her, who was grieving over her misfortune. Turns out, he came to tell her that she wouldn't have to worry about her medical expenses as they would all be borne by the owner.



Truly, Yuri was grateful for the unbidden offer, but on the one hand, she couldn't help but feel bewildered for the occasion. She wondered what had gotten into the owner all of sudden as he had never even bothered to repair the decrepit facilities of the apartment for his financial reasons.










Although she was covered for medical expenses which were bound to be dear, the real issue was the exhibition due in two weeks. The specifics of the event were already firmed up at this point in time and the preparations were mostly made. However, she was still left with the last finish on a piece of work that was to be the 'main' of the exhibition, and there was no way she could finish it in time with her arm in a cast. More so, as the last finish required her to bring out the delicate touches.



With her plastered arm, she went to the agency to hold an emergency meeting with her manager as countermeasures were needed as soon as possible. It was an exhibition which she had been working on for months. She couldn't let her months of effort all go to waste. So after much consideration, she decided to display 'Apollo' in the exhibition.



After the long meeting, she came back to her studio and headed to the display room where she stored all of her undisclosed works. It had been quite some time since she last visited the place as there was no special occasion for her to do so. However, there were also times when she had avoided the place on purpose. But now, as her mind was set on exhibiting the work, it was necessary for her to examine its condition.



Yuri came to a stop at the innermost part of the room as that was where her 'Apollo' was displayed. Without moving an inch, she solemnly stared into the face of the relief she had created.

And there he was, right where she stood. It was as though she was revisited by her desperateness from when she was making the piece. Before long, her face was all streaked with tears without her realizing it. And for the first time, she boiled down all that she was feeling inside her to one word, with her eyes closed.







Longing?

She simply missed him. There was no denying that she was longing dearly for a man who went by the name Samuel Seo.

"Why don't you just go and see him?"

It was Roy's voice that drifted to her ears. He was standing behind her but there was no way of knowing just how long he had been there. Upon learning of his presence, Yuri quickly wiped off her tears with the back of her hands.

"I think he's waiting for you to come to see him."

"No way. I'm sure he's gotten over me by now."

Speculative articles regarding his new relationship after his engagement was called off were circulating around the Korean press off late. And she thought that was for the best as she neither wanted to stir or be stirred by him anymore. This feeling of hers, relating to Hye-yeon and her father's death, was something she had to bear entirely by herself. She buried her face in her hands and said, "I just? wish for the time to pass by more quickly. I'm sure I'll be able to forget all about it then."



But Roy shook his head, despairingly.

"There are people who can't move on from the past no matter how much they try or how much time passes by." His voice sounded somewhat wistful as he spoke. "The one person who I desperately want to see does not exist anymore. That's why I can't help but live in my old memories while reminiscing about the past. There's nothing left for me without that. It's been long since my clock stopped ticking for good at one point in the past. But Yuri, you're different. There's still something you can do about it. I hope for you to live in the future, unlike me."








Yuri couldn't say a word to him as the future she pictured involved no other than a woman, who stood lingering before her bathroom sink, forgetting about the fact she'd already washed her hand a moment ago. She doubted if he would ever take part in such a future of hers.



With such thoughts in her mind, she stood stock-still before 'Apollo' for another long while.



Coming back from her studio, Yuri came to a stop as there was quite a commotion around the apartment with building materials heaped up on the side of the road while the workers bustled around busily.


Is there some kind of construction going on around the apartment?

Just when she was wondering, the building supervisor, who was having a talk with someone who seemed to be in charge of the construction, took notice of Yuri.

"Miss Han! You have no idea how shocked I was when I heard about your accident?You should've told me if there was a blackout. The electrical wiring here could be dangerous as they've gotten too worn-out."


"I'm sorry. I never knew they would be that dangerous."

The building supervisor seemed to have been caught off guard by her nonchalant response when he'd deliberately fussed about the accident, in a worry that she might put him to blame. In a more composed manner, he kept on his conversation with her.

"Hmm-hmm, so how's your body?"








"Just a hairline fracture on my right wrist bone." She pointed at her plastered arm.

"Oh my!"

"But thankfully, the owner of the apartment offered to pay for my medical expenses. Despite there being an accident, I would still like to express my thanks to the owner. Do you know a way to reach him?"


"Oh yeah, about that. I just heard this morning that the owner of the apartment has changed."

"What?!" was her bewildered reply.









"I should've seen it coming when workers had started to bustle in and out the apartment for total inspection and repair. Perhaps it's the new owner who has offered to cover your medical fees. But I'm yet to see the owner myself as well. It was only his representative that I saw. But according to the person in charge of the repair, the owner will soon drop by for an inspection. I think you can thank him when he comes."



The owners changed, no wonder the issue of her medical expenses was resolved without a big dispute. Although she was delighted with the new electric wirings, she hoped that it wouldn't lead to an increase in the rent. As she went up to her house, Yuri made a mental note about informing the agency, who she had entrusted with the contract of her apartment, about the new owner.



Two weeks literally flew by after that and Yuri had her every soul and mind focused on the last preparations for her exhibition. Although she still wasn't fit to work with pencils or brushes, she managed to get some light work done like adding final touches or corrections.



In the meanwhile, the invitation cards and pamphlets for her exhibition had all come out fine. And luckily enough, she was able to take the cast off her arm the very day before the opening of her exhibition.


So she made it to the press conference in the black dress which was specially prepared for her by the agency.

"What is it that you're depicting from your work?" was one of the question which greeted her.

"It's my present, what I drew about."







Present? The time that is magically beautiful yet lasts for only a split moment throughout our lives. Though the memories will soon fade with time, what we feel in the present shall never die.

Well-wishes and questions regarding her future plans came and went during the press conference after that.

The exhibition was to be held for a total of seven days. The first day was conducted in the form of a cocktail party with only invited personnel from the agency, reporters, and critics. The reviews she got from the critics were never so good. Most of them thought highly of the potential she'd shown in her work. The exhibition was then opened to the public from the second day onwards. It was quite a success considering that this was her first solo exhibition.

"This is indeed a success for a first solo exhibition. We're getting quite a lot of queries regarding your works as well."

The manager made no effort to hide her joy as her months of hard work had successfully come to fruition. It was true enough as she already had quite a few of her works sold during the exhibition.

More so, all of them were sold at prices much higher than her last works. Money was good indeed but what pleased her the most was the fact that she was getting all the more recognition as an artist.


Eventually, the closing day of the exhibition finally arrived and there was a downpour just as the weather report had predicted. The exhibition hall seemed almost empty as a result. But then there was Yuri, who was taking her time browsing around the room as if to burn every detail of her first solo exhibition into her head.

The exhibition meant a lot to her as it was something she'd been dreaming about for so long.

But it was when she was engraving such indescribable feelings deep into her heart that she caught a glimpse of someone's back






that looked awfully familiar to her somehow. It belonged to a fairly tall man, who had been standing before 'Apollo' for quite a long while.


No, it can't be.

She was convinced that it was just another delusion resulting from her longing for him as this wasn't her first time being deceived by her own imagination.

There's no way he'll be here.

But no matter how much her heart screamed out that it wouldn't be him, it wasn't enough to stop her from walking up to the man.

Upon noticing her approaching, the familiar figure turned his back from 'Apollo'. Instantly, Yuri gasped in shock when she realised that he wasn't an illusion after all. Thinking back, it wouldn't have been possible for her to be mistaken in the first place as his face was the first thing she could think of whenever she closed her eyes. The man had the exact same eyes, nose, and lips as the relief.

It was him, Samuel Seo, who was staring at her right now, but only more charming than she ever remembered.

"Samuel?" asked Yuri, still in her bewilderment.

"Yeah, it's me."

She felt a sudden wave of emotions creeping across her chest. She was completely at a loss for words as never in her wildest dreams had she imagined finding him standing before her right here.

Watching her standing agape, Samuel stepped up and broke the silence between them.

"How have you been?"








She felt an ache in her pounding heart as his words made her gasp for breath. She had no idea if she were to answer or give her greetings to him as her mind was all jumbled up. After regaining her composure by telling herself that she was only flustered due to his sudden appearance, she finally managed to get a few words out of her mouth.



"How come, you're?."

"Well, I'm here for the exhibition."

Yuri found his answer not in the least bit helpful to her jumbled mind as what she really wanted to know was the reason he came to her exhibition? But in contrast to her, who was still looking puzzled, Samuel stared intently into her eyes without a falter. Then he spoke again, slowly but surely.

"I've come to start over with Yuri Han, again."






It was something she had once told him about.

"You've come to see an exhibition where one of my works is displayed. Then there's you standing before a piece asking who the artist is. You'll then ask me out at once, as you've fallen in love with me at first sight."

Though it was something she had told in passing, yet Samuel remembered it.

"I've come to start over with Yuri Han, 'again'."

That remark of his was the only thing she could think about during the after-party. When he had asked her if she could spare some time after the exhibition, she told him there was a party later and he only gave an 'all right' for an answer.

I'm sure he's already left?

But despite all her thoughts, she found herself staring out the window throughout the whole party and the rain outside didn't seem to let up anytime soon. Growing all the more restless over time, she excused herself to leave the party early, on the pretext that she could not drink due to the treatment for her fracture. Although Roy had offered to take her home, he soon got held back by the president of the agency. She figured that he must be getting another huge proposal from abroad. So instead, the manager called a taxi for her.



Yuri then left the exhibition hall with a bouquet in her arms that she'd received at the party. Just when she had turned around to see if the taxi had arrived, she noticed a car on the other side of the road as well as the man in the driver's seat. She found her heart pounding frantically in her chest at the sight of the man






who'd gotten out of his car with an umbrella as soon as he spotted her across the street. He surely looked dashing as ever.

"It's late. Let me give you a ride home."

"You still haven't left?" asked Yuri to the man who was now standing in front of her.

"I never said I'd leave."

He surely had made no such comment now that she though about it. She figured his 'all right' must've actually meant that he would wait for her.


"But I've already called a taxi," she said regretfully.

"That taxi you called has already left, carrying a drunk in a green suit."



The drunk in a green suit that he mentioned must be someone from the agency who took off from the party before she did. She remembered that he had refused for them to call him a taxi saying that he could just walk home as he lived only nearby.

It surely was a trouble to call another taxi or even walk to the main street with a huge bouquet in her arms, all the more so in the rain. So after a slight hesitation, she accepted his offer of a ride home.

"The address is-"

"Don't bother, I already know." he said as he started his car.

Just when she was about to ask him how he'd found out about her exhibition, and even where she lived, Yuri ended up not asking anything as she knew they were pointless questions after all. He had always had a way of finding things if he set his mind to it. But she didn't dare to speak of anything else as she was afraid he






might demand that she give an answer to his remark from before. The car was then filled with nothing but the sound of rain that was pounding hard on the car and the wipers moving uniformly across the windshield.


Much to her relief, Samuel didn't speak a word until they arrived at her apartment.

"Thank you for giving me a ride."

"I'll walk you home."

"No, it's fine."

"You've just got the cast off your arm, you shouldn't be straining it just yet by holding an umbrella while carrying that in your other arm," said Samuel as he pointed at the bouquet in the back seat.

How did he know that she had worn a cast? Yuri's puzzling doubts were unexpectedly resolved when they were greeted by the half-asleep supervisor after they'd stepped into the entrance of the building through the rain.

"Ah, Miss Han. I was about to tell you but I can see that you've already met. Did you bid your thanks to him?"

"I beg your pardon?"

"To the new owner."

An incredulous Yuri cocked her head and looked searchingly at Samuel's face. Then on her widened eyes, reflected his handsome face as he faintly lifted the corner of his lips at her gaze. Her doubt was then confirmed by the supervisor who had all along been oblivious to Yuri's bafflement.



"Well, he's standing right next to you now."







With Samuel in her apartment, the place looked as if there wasn't enough room to swing a cat, although it'd never once occurred to her before when she was alone.

"What's going on?"

"What do you mean?"

"Just when did you become the owner of the apartment?"

"Well, it's pretty worn-out and there's a lot of fixing to do. But the former owner didn't seem like he had the money to spare for all that. He was practically broke as his investment in stocks failed."

"What does that have to do with-"

"Of course it does. This is where you live." Samuel had then stared at her with a serious look before he intoned, "I missed you a lot."

Yuri felt her heart drop with a heavy thud. Feeling somewhat cheated, she stealthily chewed on her lip. More so, as his remark wasn't even relevant to her initial question. However, Samuel went on without giving a fig.


"At first, I was just planning to take a look. But when I saw the place,

I felt like I needed to make it more liveable for you. The apartment happened to be on the market as well. But if it weren't for your accident, I'd have gone back right after giving out instructions on repair work."


It seemed like Yuri was right about it after all as she was now convinced that it was he who'd saved her when she'd collapsed from the shock. Come to think of it, it had always been his hands that had pulled her up from dangerous moments, every time without fail.



"Then, was it you who'd taken me to the hospital? Instead of Roy?"









He nodded.

"It was I who called Roy Jean. I also asked him not to say a word about me when you come around. As I thought that? maybe you wouldn't want to see me."

The gaze in her eyes wavered. In a subdued tone, she asked, "Then why did you come to the exhibition when you already knew so well about how I would feel when I saw you?"

Harsh words burst forth out of resentment. If that was the case, he shouldn't have let her find out till the end. Moreover, he shouldn't have come back to stir her up in the first place.

"I came to see the 'Apollo' that you made. Roy was once told me that there was a sculpture that is a spitting image of me. I was curious to see how similar it was to myself. And also about how I was portrayed in those eyes of yours."

Her face flushed as 'Apollo', which she had made according to her memory, amounted to a confession. It was like telling him how strongly he was imprinted in her mind. Yuri wondered if he'd noticed it.


"There was only one thing I could think of when I saw you lying on the hospital bed. And that is, I don't think I can live like this anymore. It hurts my heart just to think of you getting hurt or even to imagine bad things happening to you without my knowledge when the woman that I love is right near at hand." His long finger touched on her cheek as he reached out his hand. "I won't bottle up my feelings any longer."



Yuri couldn't seem to shake off the warm hands as he tenderly stroked across her cheeks.






"Sorry for not giving up on you still, despite the fact that I had ruined you in the name of love. Sorry for loving you still."

A tear plopped down her eyes although she had no idea about the reason for it. Then, gently, he brushed his hands against her tear-streaked cheeks.


"Despite all that, I still want to start over with you. But this time we'll do it your way, not mine."

Yuri could feel the tremble from his fingertips as he spoke. On the verge of bursting into tears, she quickly bit onto her lip before she said, "But I have nothing to offer to you. There's no way of knowing when my brain will relapse into illness, and I probably won't be able to have babies as well. You still want me despite all that?"

"Yes, I do." He didn't hesitate to give her his answer.

However, Yuri shook her head instead. "Not out of pity or by some sense of responsibility of yours for ruining me."

Samuel grimaced at her words. He then took her hand and placed it over his chest. Through his shirt, she felt his racing heart.

"Do you really think it's beating out of pity or by some sense of responsibility?"

She was at a loss for words. And when she'd tried to pull back her hand, he only grabbed all the more strongly.

"Pity? Sense of responsibility? I'm not familiar with those concepts from the outset. And there's no need for you to offer me anything because there's nothing else I'll need, as long as I have you. All I ask of you is to give me another chance to love you."

All the tears she had been holding up until now gushed out. But she still wasn't certain if this was the right thing to do. She knew






she shouldn't choose him if she thought of Hye-Yeon or her father. Yet, she couldn't deny her desire to be with him although she knew she was being selfish. She could almost hear her inner voice screaming out to her that it would be foolish of her to forgive him despite all the indelible scars he'd left on her. However, she still wanted to start over with him.



Three years was a long enough time for her to recover from her pain, enough for her to start missing him again.

"I love you."

His sincere words of confession rang about her ears. In a flash, what Roy's words from before, about how he hoped for her to live in the future, suddenly flashed across her mind. And for the first time in her life, she had pictured herself being with someone in the future. Then? she filled her teary vision with the man before her, in the hope that someone would be Samuel in the end.

"I? love you too. Even though I knew that I shouldn't, that it was wrong for me to do so, I still wasn't able to suppress my feelings for you."


It was high time for her to finally admit her feelings for him.

With a look of joy on his face, he clasped her into his chest. While nestled against his warm, firm chest, Yuri just listened as he whispered his countless thanks to her ears.

"I've always thought I've already tasted hell well enough that I would rather be in hell myself than to see you in it. But I guess I was all wrong. I couldn't feel more alive right now. And I can finally breathe and feel the beat in my heart. As Yuri, you were my heart after all."







Their heated lips touched against each other's. It was almost as if only the two of them existed in the whole world as the growing sound of the rain muffled all of their surroundings. Meanwhile, she imagined all the precious times she would be spending with him for the rest of her life, loving while being loved.

And that was the real starting point of the two of them.


----

Continue in side stories and epilogs!!
