
Samuel side stories.



His time stood still.

[I ate a sandwich at the park today. It was a sunny day after a long time.]



[It was a day to go to volunteer work. After that, I went back to the studio.]



[I went jogging in the park early in the morning. I run quite long these days. At first, I couldn't even run 500 meters.]

Samuel was listening to Jay's report as usual, and looked at the calendar. It had been three years already since Yuri Han disappeared. No, it would be correct to say that Samuel disappeared from Yuri Han's life. His time stopped at the Jinseong River, where he broke up on that day. But hers was steadily flowing.

" Well, I found out that the treatment at the psychiatric clinic is over."



"Is that so? That's good news."

"Anyway, the girl lives well. She smiles well, eats well, has gained weight just right, and gets along well with people. Her paintings are also being recognized to the extent of opening a solo exhibition soon. So I mean, how long do I have to be this girl's nanny?"

"?For now."

"Dammit! That 'for now' has been ongoing for 3 years already. I'm sick of kicking out guys who are trying to flirt. It used to be one or two people when she was skinny, but these days, new people appear every day."











Jay began to complain in earnest. He's already been busy running his business. But to check and report on Yuri Han's daily life every day, there weren't enough hours in a day! What he was most dissatisfied with was Samuel's attitude. If he was obsessed with every single thing a woman did every day, who she met, and what she ate, he should either beg her or give up without regrets.

Dragging it like this wasn't something that a guy like him would do.

What the hell is love that is making Samuel Seo like that!

"All I told you to do was to keep an eye on her so there wouldn't be any dangerous situation. I didn't tell you to be excessive like that."

"Who am I doing this for? Samuel Seo, it's because of you! I'm afraid you might take out a gun."

"Why? Do you think I will see Yuri Han's man?"

"No, I'm afraid that you'll shoot yourself."

A silence with a strange weight descended. Jay threw out his words like a rapid-fire cannon.

"Samuel Seo, will you be able to accept if there is another man next to her? Even now, you live as an empty shell asshole that has lost all its kernels. Can you live a life as a human letting her go like that?"


Samuel remained silent until the end. It was the words that could neither be affirmed nor denied. Jay sighed as if the ground was about to sink.


"Oh, well-spoken! I don't know, now I'm going to get out of her business. Do whatever you want."

After finishing the call, a picture of Yuri from Jay appeared on Samuel's phone screen. It was Yuri Han, who smiles well, eats well,






gains weight just right, and gets along well with people. Yuri Han, who is living well without him.

Samuel looked at the photo for a while and then pressed the

'Delete' button. It would be nice if his current state of mind could be this simple. He put down his phone and rubbed his face violently. He wished he could hope for oblivion even in time, but time is standing still.




"Mother, Yoon-a shouldn't eat a lot of fruit. In particular, do not give strawberries, as eating them will cause colic. Don't let her watch too much TV, and make sure she takes a nap later. And-"

"You're going too far, Jae-won. Even Si-yeon doesn't nag as much as you. I'll take care of it, so stop worrying about Yoon-a and look after Samuel. He's not in a good condition these days."

"He was always like, cutting off all contacts while on vacation."

"That's not the case this time. Not so long ago, a new drug failed in clinical trials. Alzheimer's drug, it's a project that Samuel has been working hard on for years? Anyway, seeing him these days makes me a bit anxious. It reminds me of the time of his father. I'm even asking you to go to the villa in Gangwon-do by taking care of Yoon-a."



"Okay, I will take care."

It was late afternoon when Jae-won arrived at the villa in Gangwon-do after finishing the call. It was a place that could only be reached by going up the mountain road by car after passing the security office at the entrance. The hundreds and thousands of forest areas surrounding the villa were all hunting permitted areas









that belong to the Seo family. Their children learned shooting and hunting from their grandfathers here in their childhood.

When he parked the car in the parking lot, a familiar villa keeper he had seen since childhood came to meet Jae-won.

"Long time no see, Young Master."

"Hello, Uncle. I am married and even have a child, so I feel a bit sorry to be called Young Master."

"Even if you tell me you have grandchildren instead of children, you are still a young master to me. I was waiting for you after receiving a call saying that you would come."

"Because my mother kept pushing me to go. How's Samuel?

"He went hunting and hasn't come down from the mountain yet. Everyone's in a panic now because of the swine flu. The head of the lower village came to me and begged me to catch a wild boar, so I caught one. Ever since then, each village has come in turn.

Because of that, he's been going out hunting wild boars every day without taking a rest."

"Woah, he's doing good things. It's getting dark though, he won't just stay in the mountains on and on, right?"

"I checked his location with GPS and he was on his way down. He will arrive soon."






Jae-won went into the villa and waited for Samuel. Inside the villa was almost no different from his childhood memories. While he looked around the villa for a long time, recalling old memories one by one, he heard the hounds barking. It seemed like his cousin was back.



"How were you doing?"

Samuel, who was watering the hounds in the yard, turned his head towards the voice. He seemed like he'd lost quite a bit of weight.

His jawline became sharp as if it was going to cut something, calmly greeted the other.

"What are you doing here?"

"I heard that you're spending your vacation at the villa, so I also came here to cool off my head. I looked around here for a while, but this place is really the same. The last time I came here was when I was in middle school."

"Did you come alone? What about your wife and Yoon-a?"

Yoon-a was Jae-won and Si-yeon's daughter. Samuel was quite fond of his niece, Yoon-a. She was a daughter, the greatest treasure of their life, who was obtained through just one mistake of Jae-Won. Perhaps, if it wasn't for Yoon-a, their marriage wouldn't have been possible due to the strong opposition from both families.



"Si-yeon went on a trip to Europe with my mother-in-law. It's her birthday soon. And I left Yoon-a with my mother." Jae-won slightly frowned as he took the hunting gear that Samuel was holding.

"The smell of gunpowder is no joke. Did you catch a lot of wild boars?"






"Four today. I'll have to call the county office tomorrow and have them slaughtered."

"Sounds like disposal is not an easy job as well. Can't we distribute them to the villagers?"

"We can't because of the risk of spreading the ASF virus. Catch a few while you're here. Their number is no joke."

"It's tough for me. It's been 10 years since I last dealt with a gun."

After returning all the hounds to their kennel, Samuel cleaned up his equipment and went to take a shower. In the meantime, Jae-won took out a bottle of whiskey from the display case and prepared some snacks. This could be counted as his first time drinking with his cousin since Yoon-a was born.

Samuel, who changed his clothes and completely erased the smell of gunpowder, spoke first. "How's the department store? Is it doing well?"


After the marriage, Jae-won moved his position from Hotel Seoin to Daejin Department Store. It was an agency for Si-yeon, who was away due to childbirth and childcare, but he decided to continue to run the department store for now since he showed a business acumen.



"It's not bad. Except that I'm dying of worry about sales. If it drops even a little, my mother-in-law will scold me."

"Do you want me to raise the sales for you?"

"It's okay. I will be recognized for my own ability. What's more important than that is I heard that the new drug development failed this time. To be honest, I came here because my mother told me to go and see you while she takes care of Yoon-a."







"It wasn't something I jumped into, thinking that it would be successful from the beginning. I have to take the risk. I just hope it's not too late."


"What do you mean by late?"

When Samuel reduced the size of the defense industry and revived the development of a new drug for Alzheimer's disease, which was on the verge of being scrapped, everyone said he was crazy. However, he had been steadfastly pushing his business forward by doing things like building an Alzheimer's Center at

Seoin Hospital.

Instead of answering right away, Samuel spoke after downing the entire glass into his mouth at once. "Tell my aunt to not worry about it."


"I will do that. Oh, and I brought a present."

Jae-won took out a cigar box that he prepared. It was an expensive gift brought by his foreign buyer but was useless for Jae-won who didn't smoke. However, Samuel's reaction to the cigar was different from what he expected.

"I quit smoking."

"What? You quit? All of a sudden?"

"It wasn't all of a sudden. It's been a while."

Thinking back, there was no smell of cigarettes anywhere in the house. Jae-won slowly rolled his eyes and looked at his cousin's condition. So he quit smoking? Why is he doing that? There was only one thing that came to his mind. The reason for all the changes that started with Samuel? Yuri Han's departure, which happened three years ago.









Jae-won didn't even know why Samuel let the woman he loved so much leave, or what happened between them. In any case, after she left, this guy frantically devoted himself to work. Although he was originally a workaholic, for the last three years, he had been abusing himself as if he were ascetic. It was not strange that Director Seo was worried about him.



Jae-won opened his mouth around the time when the drink went back and forth and he got drunk.

"Can I ask you one thing?"

"No, please don't"

"You don't even know what I'm asking, do you?"

"There's nothing right to talk about as an excuse for being drunk."

Oh no, that's too accurate. But Jae-won did not retreat.

"What happened between you and Miss Yuri Han?"

"?It ended."

"I don't know what happened between you two but just go and beg her for forgiveness."

"You said you don't even know what happened."

"Whatever it was, you probably let her leave because you did something wrong."

If only it was enough to make him give up what he once imprinted as "his" in his hand.

Samuel's face distorted as if Jae-won's conjecture was correct. He then took a deep breath and said nothing.






At dawn, Jae-won, who had fallen asleep on the sofa after drinking, woke up in the cold.

Has the heating stopped?

As he looked around, he saw an open window leading to the terrace. And he saw the back of a person standing still. It was Samuel.


What is he looking at? No, what is he possibly thinking? How many nights and hours has he spent like that?

The place where he was standing seemed exceptionally darker. Jae-won couldn't take his eyes off of Samuel's back for a while.










At the end of breakfast, Jin-wook visited the villa. He spoke to Samuel and Jae-won with a very urgent tone and a serious face.

"Both of you should go to Seoul now. The president passed out."

Samuel's face hardened.

Inside the car to Seoul, the Seo scion closed his eyes without saying a word.

"I'm different from my father. My father chose to quietly leave you without making a fuss, but if anything happens to her, I won't end it with that. I'll show you right in front of your eyes, everything you've built up in your life flying away; the Seoin Group and the grandson of 'Seo', who you love the most in the world."



"You're the one who took my mother and father from me."

Perhaps it was from then? President Seo's stamina began to drop sharply. The harsh words he had said to his grandfather were on his mind. His heart, which had undergone two surgeries, had caused trouble from time to time. This was the reason Samuel was promoted from managing director to vice president.

Inside the hospital room he visited with Jin-wook, his grandfather was lying unconscious. Attached to him were all sorts of wires and hoses including a respirator. He was once the biggest and most terrifying man in the world, but the person in front of Samuel now was a weak old man.



His grandfather's doctor spoke with a serious face. "He had a stent procedure recently, so it's difficult to do anything about it right now. Even during the stent procedure, he suffered physically. It







seems that we have no choice but to wait for the president to come to consciousness."

"What if he doesn't regain consciousness?"

"?You will have to brace yourself."

When the doctor left, Samuel stayed in the hospital room alone, after sending back Jin-wook and Jae-won.

"Grandfather."

Indescribable emotions filled him up. His grandfather was his world, his teacher, and his parents. Just the thought of losing such an existence felt like something was collapsing.

Samuel looked at the president's face in the hospital room with his eyes wide open for two days. Fortunately, after a long time, on the morning of the third day, his grandfather's consciousness returned.


"?Foolish fellow. What is that face?"

That was the first thing he said with his eyes open. His words were like him but his voice without energy wasn't. Samuel couldn't say anything back.



"He is definitely your grandfather."

His mother, who looked to be in her forties even though she was over sixty, put down her coffee cup and smiled softly. He had a meeting with her to discuss his grandfather's condition. They dined occasionally and talked about the goings-on in their lives. It wasn't enough to fill the gap of the past years, but it was enough time to think about the meaning of the future they'd live 'together'. He had






also received great help from his mother and her family in establishing the "Alzheimer's Center" at Seoin Hospital.

"He won't leave that easily. Think about how much he cherishes you. He won't leave you alone. Doesn't he tell you to get married soon?"


"I was kicked out of the hospital room because of that. He said he didn't want to see me. Do you want to stop by the president's room?"


"Let's do that next time. Your grandfather probably won't welcome me." She wore a bitter smile.

By the end of the meeting, she spoke as if she remembered something, "The news article about you a while ago? An article about you dating a woman. I did a bit of an investigation, and they said it was the words that came out of Ms.Ko's mouth. There are still people talking about Si-yeon's broken engagement but in fact, she's been living well with Jae-won and his child, so why are they doing this? There's no way that Ms.Ko just ignored people's words considering her personality. She seemed to have been talking to others about how you had a fiancé when you broke up the engagement. One reporter picked it up and wrote a novel-like article."





"It doesn't matter."

"Why doesn't it matter? How about the girl?"

"Who are you talking about?"

"The girl who you tried to find a place for by even asking me to do Seok-ha Yoo's work."










Samuel frowned for a moment and opened his mouth. "I told you I was done with that person."

"I don't know what happened between you two? But you really ended the relationship with her with such a reluctant face?"

"I did something really wrong to her. I did something that could neither be reversed nor forgiven. Living like this was the only choice

I could make to be left as a good person in her mind."

His mother stared at his face. Then she let out a deep sigh. "I thought you resembled your grandfather when you were young? But how come you look more like your father the older you get?"

"You think of my father?"

"I do. Sometimes, I remember even the smallest details that make me puzzled. Perhaps it's because he was the man I loved so much."


Samuel's eyes were shaking. It was a confession from his mother that he heard for the first time. She laughed as if she wasn't surprised by her son's reaction.







"Well, everyone thinks it was an arranged marriage. Only your aunt,

Jung-hee knows since she has been my friend since childhood. She knows how I had a huge crush on my husband, and how much

I loved him after we got married. Everyone asked why didn't I just 'simply' live my life, but I couldn't do that. Even your maternal grandfather complained about why I didn't just live 'simply' whenever he had difficulty with school management."

There was silence. Samuel was once like that too. His mother's hand touched his cheek.

"Your father was a 'good person' and a 'good man'. But he was neither a 'good husband' nor a 'good father'. I don't want my son to live that kind of life. I must be being selfish because I'm your mother, but I want my son to become a good husband and also a good father. Up to what your father couldn't."

When he looked up, he saw his mother's eyes become teary.

Everyone lives with their own pain.

Samuel returned to the office with a heavy mind and worked until late. There was quite a lot of work to be done as the time he spent taking care of the president was added to the time he left for vacation. What was especially urgent was to resume the development of the new Alzheimer's drugs that failed clinical trials.

Developing a new drug before Yuri develops it. That was also the goal that motivated him as he was now because that perhaps was the only thing he could do for her.

Around midnight, his personal cell phone rang. He looked at the caller id and it was a call from an advisory lawyer of LJ Partners. His forehead slightly wrinkled. He answered the call in a disgruntled voice.









"What's the matter?"

"Sorry to call you so suddenly. It is an urgent matter."


The advisory lawyer who sensed Samuel's disgruntled voice spoke as if he was trying to justify.

LJ Partners was an investment company specializing in M&A created by Samuel himself, but externally, Jay was the 'face' and 'boss' of the company. Samuel distanced himself from LJ Partners and Seoin Group because they did not consider whether their way was legal or illegal for profit. Most of the work was done either through Jay or on his own. That was why, even within LJ Partners, nobody was aware of Samuel's presence other than Jay and his advisor. But, a lawyer who knows the importance of the situation more than anyone else called him directly without even going through Jay? It meant that Jay had a serious problem with his life. And again, Samuel's guess was not wrong.



"How about Jay?"

"Suddenly he said he was going to go hunting for a bear and disappeared. Today's the second day."

Dammit! Samuel tapped the documents with his pen. He remembered a call with Jay a few days ago.

"Ah, well said. I don't know, I will no longer be intervening with her business. You do whatever you want."

It seems like he didn't say that as a joke. Well, although he fooled around a little, he wasn't the type of person who spoke nonsense.

"Have you contacted the villa in Canada?"

"They are uncontactable as well. Should we visit them?"










If Jay, a former Special Forces member, had decided to go into hiding, even Samuel wouldn't be able to find him. There's no other choice but to wait for him to come back.

Samuel sighed in response. "That won't work. No one can find a person who is determined to hide. He'll probably be back after a few days of having fresh air. What's the matter that's more urgent than Jay that made you contact me directly?"

The advisory lawyer's voice over the phone lowered as if he was emphasizing the seriousness of this matter.

"'Bio Origin', which the boss was in charge of, has been secretly contacting us."

Bio Origin was an American pharmaceutical company that LJ Partners had been seeking for M&A for several years. It was a small company that had barely graduated from the startup stage, but it was a company that obtained a patent for a new drug for preventing Alzheimer's two years ago. It was a patent necessary for Seoin Pharma's new drug development.



Samuel raised his voice without noticing himself. "What did they say?"



"They didn't get into details. They said they want to speak to the decision-maker directly. It seems that they are trying to directly suggest the terms of the negotiation. It was supposed to be the boss's job, but considering the situation? We can't make them wait any longer."

It was something that they'd been working on for a long time. It was also a deal that should be closed as Bio Origin suggested the negotiation first. Samuel ended the call after telling the lawyer to make an appointment. He was planning to go to the United States himself and meet the person in charge of Bio Origin.













Upon arriving in the United States, Samuel was busy. The schedule wasn't flexible since he was spending his time on personal matters and work related to the Seoin Group. As soon as he had arrived at the airport, he headed to the meeting place for negotiation with Bio Origin. Throughout his entire journey, he was busy looking through his paperwork. Otherwise, he thought it would be difficult to calm the excitement that began from the moment he arrived in this country. Just knowing that Yuri Han lived here made his heart pound.



The negotiations went smoothly. The young president of Bio Origin was a man who was much more suited to research developers than the CEO. He wanted to protect his employees and their research results. It was what Samuel wanted as well. It didn't matter who studied it as long as the new drug development succeeded. He would welcome having more excellent research personnel.



"Are you returning to Korea immediately?"

Even if it was a friendly negotiation, many things had to come into agreement. After three days of a long meeting, the lawyer asked Samuel when he got into the car.

Samuel answered while he was looking through the documents,

"Yes."

"Then shall I finish the contract for the renovation of the apartment? It's an old building, so there are many parts that need to be fixed."


"You take care of it."

"Got it, Sir."







Just then, the car drove into the downtown area. When he saw a familiar landscape, Samuel had the car stop, without realizing it himself.


The lawyer who looked around wore a puzzled face. "Here?"

"There's a place I want to take a look around for a while."

"Should I wait?"

"You don't need to. Return to the company and look through the last document. I will go back myself."

The lawyer answered in affirmative without questioning but couldn't erase his doubtful face. He couldn't help it. Where Samuel got off was near a franchise sandwich shop that was quite popular in the area. But didn't he just have a meal with the CEO of Bio Origin a while ago?



Even after the car left, Samuel remained standing in front of the shop for a while. It was a place he often saw from the photos that Jay sent. Yuri Han was a regular customer of the shop.

[She seems to be visiting there about 3 times a week. The menu she chooses is usually a salmon sandwich and latte.]

The shop, past lunchtime, was quite empty. Samuel looked at the menu board, thinking about what Jay had said. Salmon sandwich and latte. Since he had just eaten, he bought a latte instead of a sandwich. Then, along the path Yuri Han would have walked, he headed to the park.



He sat down on the bench and looked at the park. Beyond it, there was also an Alzheimer's care center where Yuri volunteered once a week.










'What day is it today? Would she be doing volunteer work around this time?'

It was strange. It was strange that he was in the time and space of

Yuri that he only had seen in the photos. He knew that he shouldn't meet her or interfere with her life. But he was still curious about all the things that the girl in the photo would have felt and thought.

Samuel looked for traces of Yuri in different places of the park. Her jogging, sitting on a bench eating a sandwich, and listening to music. However, no matter how much memory he poured out and traced, there was only one thought that surged within him.

I miss her.

I miss her and I miss her? I miss her like crazy. I miss Yuri Han.

He moved along the path Yuri would've walked without realizing himself. He walked along the park, crossed the crosswalk, and then took the sidewalk block again. If one were to go a little further into the alley from there, there's an apartment where Yuri lived. It was an old building built thirty years ago, so it wasn't easy to find a new owner. But Samuel bought it this time because he wanted her to stay at least a little comfortable.



Just after a while, a woman passed in front of his eyes. He stopped in his tracks. His eyes fluttered, and his heart raced like it was about to explode. It was Yuri Han, who was said to be smiling well, eating well, gaining weight just fine, and getting along well with people, just like in the photo that Jay sent.

Samuel froze and stared at her. Wearing jeans and sneakers, she entered a building that appeared to be a supermarket. His body naturally reacted. He followed her and moved his steps into the market. She pulled the cart and meticulously selected items. She picked up vegetables at the vegetable corner, and several packs






at the meat corner and compared them?then pulled out a big milk carton from the refrigerator. He followed her the whole time with a display stand in between.





Looking at Yuri, who was moving vividly, he realized once again how much he loves and misses her. He was sweating as he was suppressing the urge to approach her and hold her in his arms.

It was then that Yuri, who filled the cart and was heading to the counter, suddenly turned her head. Her gaze was directly towards Samuel. The moment when her eyes filled with him felt as if it would last forever. It was a time of weightlessness as if everything in the world disappeared, leaving only the two of them. He quickly took a step back, grateful for his innate reflexes.

Yuri came straight to where he was, but it was when Samuel had already left. He quietly stared at the girl who was looking around. He neither wanted to sway her mind nor be swayed himself. He had my heart set on giving her up.

After paying, Yuri left the supermarket and headed to the apartment. Samuel followed, leaving quite a distance between her. He was standing opposite the apartment in front of him, gazing at the last room on the fifth floor. At first, he planned to go back only after seeing the lights come on. But he stayed there a little longer and longer until the lights eventually went out in the room. It was then that he realized he had been there for quite some time. He didn't even know how time had passed. It was like a dream. A dream with Yuri Han. And now it was time to return to reality without Yuri Han.



He let out a small sigh, and just as he turned around, the window opened. It was Yuri's room. Soon after, she leaned her head out the window and looked at the house below.

Did something happen?

Yuri immediately closed the window.







It won't be a big deal. Since the building is old, there must have been a power outage.

He thought so and tried to leave, but his body didn't move. An inexplicable feeling strangled him like a snare. It was a hunch he never missed. He stepped inside the apartment. Perhaps because it was a late hour, the manager wasn't there.

It was when he went up to the fourth floor by the stairs?

Kyaa!

He heard a sharp scream. As he jumped up the stairs at once, what came into Samuel's view was a ladder and an unconscious

Yuri.

What happened? Did she hit her head?

"Yuri Han!"

Yuri's eyelids trembled at the sound of her name being called out, but she seemed to have lost consciousness. Samuel lifted her up her, frantically went down the stairs, and caught a taxi.

"What happened?"

Roy, who came to the hospital after receiving a call at the airport, couldn't hide the surprise on his face. In front of him were Yuri and

Samuel lying on a hospital bed. He looked at Samuel and Yuri, who had lost consciousness.

"How come you are? Wait but what happened to Yuri?"

"She hit her head as she fell down from a ladder. It's a mild concussion, but the exact after-effects can be known when her consciousness comes back."








"What happened to you? Are you two together again?"

"No, that won't happen. I had to come to America. I wanted to see where Yuri lives while here."

"How did you know where Yuri lives? And how do you know my number?"

"I can easily find it if I want it."

Roy opened his mouth with a face as if he realized something fishy.

"You put someone on watch, right?"

"What are you talking about?"

"Don't act like you don't know. There was one employee at the agency who had a crush on Yuri, and one day he came back with his heart in his mouth. He said that there was a man who threatened him. From then on, I thought it was strange, but seeing you today makes things clearer."



"?That's not what I did."

"Whatever it is, isn't it true that you hired a person to watch Yuri? And that person is skillfully threatening the men around her."

He couldn't refute his words. Roy seemed to have accepted Samuel's silence as tacit acceptance.

He asked, his face confuzzled, "So what are you going to do? Are you going to leave Yuri like that?"

"That is her decision, I'll do my best to protect her? because that's the only thing I can do. So I don't want her to know about what happened today. Let's say you helped her out."








Samuel took out his business card from his wallet.

"This is my number. If there's any issue when she wakes up, please contact me. If there's none, I will return to Korea."

Roy stared at Samuel's face without saying a word. Samuel could see his eyes asking if that's all he wanted to say. He (TJ) tried hard to ignore that gaze.






A bell rang in the middle of the night, waking him from a good night's sleep. His wife, who was sleeping next to him, tapped the man's leg, telling him to answer the phone quickly.

'What's going on?' The lawyer fumbled, looking for his glasses and his cell phone.

"Hello."

Unlike his sleepy voice, the voice coming from the other side of the phone was very vivid.

"Go to the hospital as soon as the sun rises."

"What? Hospital?"

'All of a sudden? How am I supposed to accept the orders from my boss who calls me in the middle of the night, telling me to go to the hospital?'


"There's a patient you have to look over. And manage the hospital procedure."

"Patient? Is it something dangerous?"

Seeing how serious Samuel was, it didn't seem like a small problem. He felt like he was suddenly fully awake.

'What?! Was there a shootout?'

It wasn't often but some of the things they did were quite dangerous. However, what his boss told him was something completely different from what he had expected. First of all, the patient was a tenant of the apartment he recently purchased, and









that person seemed to be suffering a concussion from a fall. 'Why the hell is he caring about all this?'

He went to the hospital early in the morning with a mind full of doubts. And as a lawyer who's been renewing his billions of dollar salary annually, he handled the work perfectly. He met the woman in the hospital room, explained the situation, paid the hospital bills, and meticulously checked her condition. He, of course, did not forget to make a report to his boss.



"The diagnosis said there are no specific brain abnormalities. When we met in the hospital, her condition didn't seem bad. Oh, she said she has a slight fracture in her wrist bone. It looks like she twisted it when she fell off the ladder. She needs to be hospitalized for four weeks. Other than that, she's good."

"Is that so?"

"The electrical wiring is old, that seems to be the problem. I was electrocuted while trying to look at the switchboard."

"Start the wiring repair immediately."

"Got it, Sir. But may I ask you one thing?"

The lawyer licked his dry lips. He opened his mouth as he couldn't hold back his curiosity.

"What's the relationship between you and Miss Yuri Han in the hospital??"

In the momentary silence, his answer echoed like a wave.

"She's like my heart."

It was a deep voice as if resounding in a cave.











Having said that aloud, he realized, once again, what she meant to him.



Samuel stood still by the window and looked at the night view beyond the hotel window. These days, he kept losing his sense of time. When he would notice an hour had passed, it was already the next day. When he realized three days had passed by, it would be over a week. He knew that something was broken inside him that made everyone around him check his condition, but he didn't try to fix it. There was only one thought floating in his mind albeit very painfully.



Samuel closed his eyes and traced Yuri's face he saw in the hospital room. There was only one thought that came to his mind as he looked at her face. Unlike now, if something happened to her outside his reach, he probably wouldn't be able to live on. He thought that the reason he lived and breathed now was that this woman was living well.



Unbelievably, the feeling of holding Yuri still remained all over his body. Her touch, her scent, her warmth? A deep thirst remained as if he's drinking salt water in the middle of the sea. Perhaps, now he was slowly drying up and dying. He missed the woman he could never have for the rest of his life. This may not be such a bad ending for him.



He woke up to the strong vibrating sound. It was the cell phone on the table. 'Is it a lawyer?' He looked at the caller's name and frowned slightly. It was Roy Jean.

"Are you still in America?"

"I'll be taking a return flight tomorrow morning."









"I want to meet you before you go. Where would you like to meet? At the airport?"

"If it's a farewell, I will decline. We're not even that close anyway."

"Of course not. I have something to tell you about Yuri."

When Yuri was mentioned, Samuel's face changed. According to the lawyer's report, there were no problems with the diagnosis.

However, the aftermath of a concussion was unknown. As time passed, abnormal symptoms might have appeared.

He asked urgently, "Is it a serious problem?".

"Let's talk about it tomorrow when we meet. "

"No, let's do it now. I will head over to your place. Where are you?"
















Roy gave the name of Upper East's luxurious bar. Samuel headed straight to the place. He couldn't calm down the whole time he was in the taxi. It was a three-story building with a luxurious and simple exterior. It seemed to be a membership-based place. As he entered, a man who appeared to be the manager greeted him politely. The place he was guided to was the innermost seat on the third floor, where the man he had to meet was already waiting.

He couldn't match Roy with this place because he had always appeared simple and frugal. However, Roy Jean also seemed familiar with this kind of place as a celebrity from the upper echelon in New York.

Samuel asked even before he sat down, "How's Yuri's condition?"

"It's not so good."

"What's the problem? Did she get checked at the hospital?"

"It doesn't seem like a check that she can get from the hospital."

While Samuel, unable to grasp the meaning of his words, struggled, Roy placed something on the table. It was an invitation to an exhibition with Yuri's name printed on it.

"I'm giving this to you."

However, Samuel dropped his gaze and wasn't willing to accept it.

"What does this have to do with Yuri's problem?"

"You'll know when you take a look at it. Perhaps at a glance."

Roy fidgeted with the ring on his ring finger.









"Have I told you before? About 'Apollo' that Yuri made."

"It's in my studio. You, who Yuri made, under the name 'Apollo'."

Samuel nodded.

Roy spoke slowly. "We are exhibiting the work this time. Yuri was so desperate to make Apollo without remembering anything. Maybe it was because it was the only memory left in the time it disappeared. So I'm thinking about playing the role of 'Eros'."

"Eros?"

"The mean, capricious god of love, who shot a golden arrow in the heart of Apollo and a leaden arrow in the heart of Daphne. Of course, this time it befits the name of God of love. You and Yuri, why don't you guys start over?"

"We can't start over. There's no such thing as a relationship to start over. She didn't love me in the first place. it was a one-sided relationship."


Roy looked into Samuel's face as if he was pitiful. "You don't know how she really feels. What she was like when making "Apollo" and why you remained in her disappeared memory. Of course, if you want to continue living without knowing, I won't say anything more about it because that's your choice. It's for you to decide."

He then stood up, apparently in no hurry. Samuel looked at the invitation for a long time.



"How was your schedule in America?" Jin-wook had been waiting at the airport to greet him.

Samuel replied succinctly as he got into the car, "It was good."







"Shall I take you home?"

"No, to the company."

"Are you okay with the time difference?"

"It's okay. I got lots of things to get done. For now, tell them to prepare for Seoin Pharmaceutical's briefing first."

Samuel gave work orders with bloodshot eyes caused by lack of sleep. Something dropped as he was taking out the documents he had reviewed throughout the flight from the briefcase. Jin-wook, who was sitting next to him, picked up what fell on the floor of the car. It was an invitation. He quickly noticed Yuri's name printed on it.



As he handed it over to Samuel and asked, "Did you meet?"

The subject was set even without saying it. Samuel received the invitation and put it in his inner pocket.

"I only saw her."

"Is she living well?"

"She is. She eats well, smiles often, and is opening her solo exhibition soon."

Then he opened the papers immediately. It was a sign that he would say no more. Jin-wook, who grasped his meaning, turned away.


Time flew like an arrow again. Late at night, Samuel, who was working in the library, looked at the calendar, taking his eyes off from his laptop screen full of numbers. Yuri's exhibition would end tomorrow. He had come across an article saying that the








exhibition was quite well received. He took out the invitation he had put deep inside the drawer.

"What she was like when making "Apollo" and why you remained in her disappeared memory."

Roy's words kept haunting his ears.

What are they expecting? A statue that looks like me? Just because Yuri made it, that doesn't mean anything.

Laughing at his desire to lean on faint hopes, he put down his invitation. At that time, the laptop screen showed that the mail had arrived. The sender was Jay.

'Is he back now?'

He had to leave like this once or twice a year to be satisfied. Samuel's eyes, who clicked on the mail without much thought, were fixed to the screen.

Attached in the mail was a picture of Apollo.









He didn't know what was on his mind when he ran out of his office.

He was already at the airport when he realized what he was doing. Samuel checked the earliest flight to New York and called Jin-wook. He sounded surprised when he heard about where the Seo scion was, but he quickly regained his composure.

"You made up your mind?"

"I want to start over."

"You will come to my exhibition. And in front of my painting, you will ask who the artist is. And you, who fell in love with me at first sight, will ask me out for a date.

I really meant it when I told you that it would've been if we met in a different way."

As Yuri said?

"Okay. I will contact Director Lee. I will take care of your ongoing work."



He added when Samuel was about to end the call.

"Good luck. "

On the last day of the exhibition, there was heavy rain. For that reason, the exhibition hall was rather quiet. One by one, Samuel looked at Yuri's works. The 'present time' that she was drawing. In a space full of 'present', he stopped in front of where only 'past' was displayed. He slowly scanned Apollo with his eyes- the reason he had no choice but to board the plane as soon as he saw the picture.



"Is the time I spent with you meaningless?"







"That?was a contract."

'No, there was. I was there in your time. Clearly in your memory.'

Samuel without noticing himself, let out a sigh. After standing there for a long time, he heard someone approaching. He thought he could tell who it was without looking? The person he loved, Yuri.

"Samuel Seo?" Yuri's voice trembled slightly. He was clearly reflected in her eyes.

"Yes, it's me. How are you doing?"

"How, did you come here?.."

"To see your exhibition."

Then, he said something that he had been thinking of all this time.

"I came here to start 'again' with Yuri Han."



He hugged her as if to make up for the time they had been apart. The heat that started with a few kisses got out of control. Their bodies remembered each other. Samuel, who was constantly kissing and caressing Yuri's body, hugged her and laid her on the bed. Then he put his hand behind her back and pulled down the zipper of her dress. He frankly admired her, who looked different from before, whose bones used to stand out as if about to break.

"You look beautiful."

He reached out his hand and grabbed her mounds. She let out a moan when he put her pointed bud into his mouth.

"Ah?!"








The buds in turn reacted sensitively. His hand came down between her thighs. He stared between her legs for a moment as if he was going to swallow, then put his finger into the place that was already wet. Her body trembled at the unfamiliar sensation.

"Does it hurt?"

He looked down at her in worry. She shook her head with a red face.



"It's? it's been so long since I last did this?."

"Me too. So I might not be able to do it gently."

He kissed her forehead as he smiled. It was the moment he could finally have the woman he loved and missed so much. Unlike how he said he might not be gentle, he moved cautiously as if he was avoiding creating any blemishes on her body. She bit her lip to hold back her moans when he touched her wet skin and rubbed her clitoris. His slow-moving fingers entered her. As the sound coming from the wet place grew louder, she covered her face in embarrassment.



Samuel whispered into her ear as if to soothe her, "I want to see your face."

This was the moment he had always longed for. As if his request had been accepted, Yuri lowered her hand that covered her face. Her excitement and earnestness, revealed without filters, shook his whole body, his blood started boiling. He became so excited that he almost lost his mind. He wanted to own her to the fullest of his greed.



He took off his clothes in a hurry. He wanted to make her feel a little more, but that was the limit. When he roughly unbuckled and pulled down his pants, the manhood, which was already on the






verge of an explosion, appeared. Precum dripped from the tip. He spread her legs, sat between them and rubbed his glans onto her wet place with his juice.

"Are you okay?"

She nodded. They intuitively knew that it was the moment they had both been waiting for.

She spoke as she caressed his face, "I want you."

Her words were like a spell. A spell that restored the heart and time that had been stopped for a long time. He slipped inside her at once.


"Ah!"

Her waist and neck arched, she trembled all over as the big man pushed into the narrow entrance. She began tightening around him, more than he'd imagined. It was hard to breathe. Samuel felt as if he was having her who was doing it for the first time. Yuri was also breathing roughly as if it was too much for her.

"Are you okay?"

She shook her head. "I'm okay."

He hugged her tightly and kissed her on her cheek and nape. She didn't take her eyes off of him the whole time. Feeling her slowly relaxing, he pulled himself back for a moment and then went back all the way in. Then he slowly went in and out, rhythmically. Each time that happened, his body became hot. She wrapped her legs around his waist and supported her swaying body. Every time his lips touched, a red flower bloomed on her white skin. He wrapped his hands behind her back and held her in his arms. As she hugged his neck, their eyes met.









"Ngh!"

She twisted her waist and bottom slightly as she was moaning. Noticing, he drew his body closer and moved harder. Her sensitive nipples were rubbed against his hard chest and stimulated. In the end, her body convulsed as she came. He too could not hold it any longer and let out his seed inside her. A suffocating pleasure and exultation overwhelmed them. He took a deep breath, hugged her tightly, and caressed her.



"I love you."

It was an act that left a long-lasting impression and satisfaction yet still thirsty and desperate. Yuri, who shared love with him one after another, fell into a deep sleep in his arms. Her stable breath reached his chest. However, the man couldn't fall asleep. He couldn't believe that she was in his arms. He felt as if this happiness would disappear if he were to close his eyes.

"Yuri."

Samuel laid on his side and looked at the slumbering visage, and reached out to caress it. It was hard to control his feelings seeing her loveliness, even though he thought that he didn't want to wake her from her deep sleep. He touched her face, this time fiddling with her ear. When his hand eventually came down to her mounds, her body moved and she opened her eyes.

"Did you wake up?" he whispered as if nothing happened.

Her lips parted slightly. "?.Get to sleep, Samuel."

"I can't sleep. I'm afraid that this is a dream."

"Did you see me in your dream?"

He kissed her nape while caressing her hair. "Countless times."






Yuri smiled as she blinked her sleepy eyes. "This is not a dream, so go to sleep now."

She turned her back, ignoring the man who was starting to get hot again.



"Can I check just once more?"

"What?. ngh!"

He grabbed her peaks with one hand and moved the other in between her legs. When he put his finger into her, she trembled.

"Whether it's a dream or not."

Her inside was hot and soft, perhaps because she had been holding him until a while ago. He quickly played his hand. A moan flowed from her mouth as she couldn't hold it in. He smiled in satisfaction. He crazily loved the woman responding to the stimuli he gave her. He turned her onto her stomach and entered from behind.



"It's been a long time, I don't think I will feel enough no matter how many times we do it."

"Ah, ah, ha?!"

He licked the clitoris along the vaginal hole where he had entered. Each time he did that, there was a sound from her wet place. He kissed her white shoulder and back as he moved his waist.

'Can it be this good? I don't know how to express my feelings right now.'



He held her hand that was tightly clenching the bedsheet and pushed her back. They were already about to come. He whispered while putting his lips closer to her sweaty forehead.






"I love you. Let's not break up again. I'll make it up to you."

At the sincerity conveyed by those words, Yuri, who barely swallowed her tears, answered, "I love you too."

The other half of his heart was finally put together. Samuel closed his eyes as he embraced his heart.























After story.

The gloomy sky didn't look so good. As expected, heavy rain hit the car as soon as it left the tunnel. On the way home from a week-long overseas business trip, Samuel frowned as he looked at his watch.


"Is there a rain forecast?"

Jin-wook at the front seat spoke as he searched about the weather forecast on his phone. "It is said that until today, the weather would be affected by the rainy season. There will be localized heavy rainfall. But from tomorrow, the weather will be sunny, so it seems that the event will proceed without any setbacks."



"Good to hear."

Tomorrow would be the opening ceremony of the museum under the name of Chairman Jeong-ho Seo was scheduled. Chairman Seo passed away four years ago due to illness. It had been a comfortable passing as if falling asleep. It had been a month since Samuel's wedding was held privately.



The museum was the will of Chairman Seo during his lifetime. Surprisingly, the beneficiary was Soo-kyung Lee, his daughter-in-law and the chairman of the board, whom he did not want to see for the rest of his life. Perhaps he was trying to sort out the feelings of love, hate, and remorse that had accumulated over the years.

The car, driving through the rain, soon entered the mansion surrounded by a high wall. Passing through a heavy iron gate and a guard station, it stopped in front of the front door.

"Welcome back." Director Choi welcomed him with other employees.






"How did it turn out? You said that Madam had a good dream."

Come to think of it, she told him that there would be a good result since she had a good dream. Samuel nodded as he got off the car.


"It wasn't bad."

Samuel spoke to Jin-wook while holding the umbrella that director

Choi gave him. "You don't need to get off. Go straight to your home and take some rest."

"Thank you. I will see you tomorrow."

Jin-wook lowered his head at Samuel's favor. He was also exhausted mentally and physically from a long business trip. The driver opened the trunk and took out the suitcase and luggage. Director Choi widened her eyes at the load that seemed to have doubled.



"What are these? Are all of these for Madam?"

"There were so many things that will look good on her."

"You did this last time and were told not to buy anything more."

Director Choi helpfully reminded.

"I know. Put them somewhere nicely but in a way that won't seem like there are many.

He already had two rooms full of gifts, so there was no point in a proper organization.

Director Choi sighed and asked, "We didn't prepare any food since we heard that you had a meal on the airplane. Is it okay?"

"I'm okay. How about Yuri?"







There was only one thing Samuel wanted to ask the busily moving Director Choi. He wanted to know where his beloved wife was now. She even made a phone call saying that she would be returning home today, but it was strange that he couldn't see her coming out to greet him as always.

"She's sleeping."

"Sleeping? Right now?"

The clock was pointing at 8:00 PM. It was too early to go to sleep.

Director Choi opened her mouth to say, "She said she was tired."

"Did she have an outdoor schedule?"

"No, she didn't go out. Do you want me to wake her up?"

"Let her sleep. But did she have dinner before going to sleep?"

"Yes, she had a light meal. Is there anything else you need?"

"I will call you if I need."

Director Choi nodded.

He went up to the second floor and immediately opened the bedroom door. As he opened the door, he could smell a familiar scent. On the bed was the woman he had longed to see and missed so much.


Samuel slowly sat down on the side of the bed and looked down at her. As she slept, her face was as calm as the sound of her rhythmic breathing. 'Is it possible that she did her painting until late at night?' Even after the marriage, Yuri was engaged in art activities in her spare time.








"This is unfair."

He complained to himself. No matter how many times he thought about it, he thought it was unfair. He wanted to see this woman so much that it made him difficult to sleep.

'I called and talked to you every day, but still missed you. But did you not?'

He caressed her cheek and hair. It'd been quite some time since they married, but he still had a strong desire for her. Even on his return flight, all he thought of was hugging and touching her the whole time. Even to think of it himself, he felt like a beast. A beast that got horny just by looking at Yuri Han. In his mind, he wanted to wake up the sleeping woman and have her until he was satisfied.

As he smiled bitterly at his unbearable thirst, the woman tossed and turned. Yuri, who wasn't fully awake from her sleep grabbed his hand and placed it on her face.

"?Is it you?"

It was a sleepy voice.

"Yes."

"I missed you."

His heart pounded at the words she said unconsciously. He terribly liked the defenseless words and actions that she only showed him. Her words did not continue further. He gently kissed her lips, letting out an even breath. He got up from her bed after fixing her pillow so she could sleep comfortably. If he kept looking at her more, it seemed that it would be difficult for him to control unlike what he said to Director Choi.












Samuel went straight to his dressing room, took off his clothes, and took a shower. A hot shower alleviated the fatigue of a long flight. After taking a long shower, he left the bathroom. His wife was still in a deep sleep but he couldn't. This was because he had not yet adapted to the time difference and was in a state of dissatisfaction. He could tell that he would be tossing and turning all night if he lay beside Yuri right now.



Closing the bedroom door slightly as he left, he went to the library. He desperately needed alcohol. He took out a whiskey and a glass from the home bar on the other side of the library. Then he poured the golden liquid that filled the glass into his mouth. The high alcohol content of this water of life was not bad. He seemed to have no problem falling asleep with a couple of drinks.

When he went for a second glass, there was a knock and the door opened. It was Director Choi.

"What's the matter?"

"I saw the lights were on in the library. Do you want me to prepare some snacks for your drink?"

"No need. I will sleep after finishing this glass."

Director Choi didn't move but was rather hesitating unlike usual.

"Is there something you want to say?"

"Ah?.. So, it's about Madam."

"Yuri? Why?"

"I think it won't be a bad idea for her to take a test?."









Samuel's face stiffened at the word 'test'. He knew better than anyone what the 'test' that came out of Director Choi's mouth meant. Not many people in the house knew about Yuri's physical condition, who's at risk for Alzheimer's. Jin-wook and Jin-ho, the deputy director who became the director of Seoin Hospital, and Director Choi, were the only ones who knew about it. In particular, Samuel trusted Director Choi, who had been watching him since he was a shooter when it came to managing Yuri's health. She could detect, like a ghost, what the person she cared for was uncomfortable and what was different. Since the word 'test' came out of Choi's mouth, it was absolutely not something that could be taken lightly.





"Since when? There wasn't any sign when she had a test half a year ago."

Yuri was undergoing a brain examination along with a health checkup every year. Fortunately, she had not shown any signs so far.


"I think it's been about a month and a half. At that time, I thought it was because she was tired from preparing for the exhibition, but she has been like that until recently. In particular, it seems that she is feeling very tired and depressed."

"So she's been sleeping like that all the time, not just today?"

"Yes. She didn't exercise or paint recently. There also wasn't any special outdoor schedule. It's not even that she doesn't sleep at night, but she often sleeps continuously during the day."

Ominous evidence emerged. Samuel crossed his arms and fell into deep thought. Among the substances that have been identified as the cause of Alzheimer's, there is a protein called 'tau'.

This protein component induces sleep by damaging the part of the human brain responsible for daytime arousal. If a patient in the






high-risk group for Alzheimer's suddenly has frequent naps, the onset of the disease is questionable. He spoke, trying to calm his trembling voice in anxiety.

"Anything else? How about her memory?"

"It seems that there are no problems with her memory yet. She has no problem with her sense of time and numbers. Still, a sudden increase in sleep is not a good sign. Taking the test is necessary."

Director Choi emphasized the last words. Yes, the test was needed. While recognizing the fact, Samuel made a face as if the world was collapsing. Seoin Pharmaceutical and Seoin Hospital had made unrivaled progress in the field of dementia and Alzheimer's research over the past few years. In particular, after Samuel became chairman, it had grown in a short period into the cash cow industry of the Seoin Group. Those who were skeptical that he would soon go bankrupt when he aggressively led the business by pouring in investments, now praised the young president's determination. But even in that situation, Alzheimer's was still close to unknown territory. Even with dozens of patents and dozens of new drugs owned by Seoin Group, there was no 100% prevention or cure. So, the fact that Yuri might have developed the disease was only terrifying.





Samuel listened to the rain all night, reviewing research data and clinical follow-up data. To get even a glimmer of hope that might be somewhere. By the time he returned to his bedroom, the rain had stopped and it was dawn. He stood there for a while beside Yuri who was asleep, then went up to the bed and lay down. Even in her sleep, she moved in between his arms like a habit.

'There must be a way. No matter what, I will find a way. To not lose you.'

He kissed her on the top of her head and held her.














Somebody hugged her. A warmth surrounded her body. She could tell who the person was without looking. Her husband. Yuri opened her eyes in surprise.

"Wh-when did you come?"

"Last night."

'Last night? Yesterday??' Yuri tried to recollect. They should've had dinner together, but due to the flight delay, their plan got messed up. While waiting after an early dinner alone, she fell into unbearable drowsiness. Lately, she was sleepy, day and night. After telling Director Choi to wake her up, she closed her eyes. She fell asleep thinking that she would wake up after an hour, but it was already morning when she opened her eyes again. The sky, which had been gloomy all of yesterday, was clear.



"I'm sorry. I only planned to sleep for a short time. Why didn't you wake me up?"

"Because you were in a deep sleep."

Samuel pulled her to him as he answered calmly. Yuri felt sorry, so she fell into his arms.

He asked as he leaned on her head, "How are you feeling? I heard from Director Choi that you've been tired."

"I think I'm going to grow. I feel sleepy and tired all day."

She thought he would laugh at her but he didn't. Yuri lifted her face that had been buried in his chest. His face looked a little solemn. She stroked his cheek.

"Didn't you sleep well? Why is your face so rough?"







"?Because of the time difference."

"Do you want to take a short nap? You still have time before the afternoon event. Take some rest while I'm away at the shop."

Instead of answering, he grabbed her bottom and pulled her back into his arms. Because of the posture, she could feel that the man was excited. It's always like this in the morning, but it's even hotter today. He kissed her on the nape of her neck and slipped his hand under her clothes. His hand moved from her mounds and gripped her buds. Her body reacted quickly to his deft movements. She grabbed his wrist as she caught her breath.



"No. I said I need to go to the shop."

"Don't go to the shop. You said you're tired. Just take a rest today. I know you don't like being at that kind of place."

'It's true that I find being at that kind of place uncomfortable, but why is acting like this today?'

He had always overly cared about her feelings and conditions, but today's event was related to the late Chairman Seo.

The time Yuri spent with Chairman Seo during his lifetime was not long. A short greeting before her wedding, at her wedding venue, and on her honeymoon. That was it. He wasn't against their marriage, but he didn't like her either. Nevertheless, she occasionally remembered his deathbed. Without a word, Chairman Seo gave a gestured to his granddaughter-in-law to come closer, then clasped her hand tightly once. It must have meant that he was asking her to take care of his grandson.



Samuel seemed determined and calm throughout Chairman

Seo's funeral, but he had a tough time overcoming the sorrow for a long time. To him, the chairman was a person with heavy






meaning, and it was the same for other family members. Especially today, Chairman Soo-kyung Lee, as well as their family, celebrities, and ministers in the political and business sectors, were also in attendance. It was impossible for the wife of Seoin Group's
Chairman Seo Samuel to miss such an important event.

"It will probably be even more uncomfortable if I don't go. There will be news about our divorce tomorrow morning," she said, half-joking, half-serious.

She was prepared to some extent knowing that there would be a lot of things she had to deal with because she married a great man. He was the handsome, young, head of a group, and she was Cinderella, who he chose after breaking up with his fiancée from a similar background. This was the kind of story that the public admiresd. Reporters followed every move, gossip, and names came and went through the mouths of people they didn't know.
The reality was harsher than she had anticipated.

"Do you think I will let that news be posted?"

"But still, no." Yuri took his hand off of her. Then, she whispered in his ears as if she was trying to comfort her husband. "I will let you do whatever you want at night."

Samuel replied with a smile instead. She pulled the blackout curtains so he could fall asleep and adjusted the room temperature. After checking that he was asleep, she cautiously went out of the bedroom. As she went down to the first floor, Director Choi greeted her.



"Did you have a good sleep? The meal is ready."

She could smell something delicious from the kitchen. She asked as she took a seat, "Did Samuel arrive late yesterday?"







"No, he wasn't that late. He came about an hour after Madam fell asleep."

"Why didn't you wake me up?"

"The chairman told me not to. He seemed like he was looking through papers until late at night."

"He just fell asleep. I think he's struggling with the time difference.

Please prepare a meal for him so he can have it when he wakes up."



"Okay."


















After finishing the meal, she meticulously scanned the profiles of those attending today's opening ceremony. She also checked the questionnaire in advance because she was also scheduled for an interview to be published in Seoin Group's newsletter and outside magazine. Then, she went to a salon just in time for her appointment. It took quite a bit of time and energy to finish her hair, make-up and nails. When she was done, a stylist, Director Song, was waiting at her house.



With Samuel, whose face looked much better than in the morning, she finished preparations and headed to the Seoin Museum of Art. All the way to the museum, the man seemed to be lost in thoughts, holding Yuri's hand, who was sitting next to him.

'Did things not turn out well on his business trip?'

She didn't believe in dreams 100%, but it was definitely a very good dream for Samuel. She thought to herself that she should talk with him later.




The Seoin Museum of Art showed a luxurious yet sturdy exterior to suit the taste of its first director, Soo-kyung. The opening ceremony, attended by many, went smoothly. Countless flashes were fired and greetings exchanged. On the other side of the exhibition hall, a memorial hall for Chairman Seo was also opened. Soo-kyung gave a short tribute and an opening speech on the podium, followed by a ribbon-cutting ceremony and dinner.

After the dinner, Yuri moved to the director's office and had an interview with Soo-kyung that would be published in two women's magazines. The relationship between the mother-in-law and daughter-in-law was good. Soo-kyung liked her for that one






reason- she was the woman her son loved. She didn't only recognize the talent in Yuri, but she was also the one who encouraged her to continue painting even after her marriage. The two met once a month without Samuel and spent time together.

After the interview with Soo-kyung, Yuri looked for Samuel in the hall. Then, someone greeted her from behind her.

"Hello."

It was Jae-won who was holding the hand of his lovely daughter Yoon-a. Most of the family members were present, so it was very natural for her to see him there.

Yuri greeted Jae-won and waved her hand at Yoon-a. "Hello, Jae-won. Hello, Yoon-a."

Yoon-a bowed to Yuri. The little girl, who would turn six this year, resembled both her mom and dad. She would grow up as a beautiful woman

Yuri asked Jae-won, "How about Si-yeon? Didn't she come together?

"She came but she's having morning sickness? So her mother took her with her."

Si-yeon was pregnant with Yoon-a's siblings. They were twins. She must be going through a tough time since her baby bump was quite visible.


Yoon-a, who was holding Jae-won's hand, pulled his sleeve collar. "Dad, washroom."

"Okay, my princess. Where was the washroom?"










Jae-won seemed like he didn't know what to do. Yuri understood the situation and stepped forward. She thought it would be better for her to go into the women's bathroom than Jae-won himself.

"I will go with Yoon-a."

"Will you?"

"Yes." Yuri took Yoon-a's hand.

Jae-won smiled at Yuri, saying thank you. She took Yoon-a to the bathroom, and after completing her mission, she found Samuel again. Every time she did, she encountered a lot of people. As if she herself was a work of art in the exhibition, the gazes that seemed to hold a critique followed her for a long time. She thought she was used to it, but she wasn't. She was able to hear clearly all the meaningless talk.



"Jae-won's child seems to have grown a lot. Besides, I heard that they have two male twins?"

"Yes. It's good news for both families. Who would have known that

Jae-won would be so successful? I heard that he received a lot of shares from the Daejin Group."

"Isn't there any news from Samuel? It's been quite some time since they got married, but still no news?"

"I know, right. I thought they bared a child just like Jae-won when they announced their marriage all of a sudden."

"I thought they were in a good relationship. Perhaps, they have some issues."

"Too bad, Chairman Seo would've shed tears knowing this. He was a person who was obsessed with the succession of the Seo family, but it looks like that lineage would be cut off."






Yuri stopped walking, and let out a small sigh.

"You were here."

It was Samuel's voice, that blew away the complicated thoughts in her head at once.

"How was the interview?"

Yuri answered, holding his hand, "It was okay."

"Should we go now?"

In the car on the way home, Yuri put her head on Samuel's shoulder and closed her eyes. Her mood had been strangely out of control lately. The words that she would normally pass over became thorns and pierced her chest. Especially about them not having a child. A child between herself and Samuel. She recalled the feeling of holding Yoon-a's hand.



"It's not that pregnancy is impossible, but the chance is very low that it would be a miracle if she actually becomes pregnant"

It was what the doctor said during the health check-up. He said it would be a miracle, but she gave up and lived her life thinking that she would never be able to have a child from the beginning. But she began to have more regrets as time went by.

"Are you tired?" Samuel's soft voice landed on her head.

"A little," she murmured.

A big hand caressed her shoulder. A long day was drawing to a close.














The hand that rubbed her feet was soft and friendly. The temperature of the water with aroma oil and petals was just right to relieve fatigue. Yuri looked at Samuel, who was kneeling at her feet, giving her a foot massage. He always gave her a foot massage the day she wore high heels. At first, it was she who refused because she was unfamiliar and shy, but now she naturally accepted his touch.



"Why?" he asked, feeling her gaze.

She answered with a smile, "I sometimes feel like I became a queen."

"You're my queen."

He kissed her foot without hesitation. Her heart was tickling. He was such a sweet and caring husband that she could hardly remember the cold and arrogant man he used to be. Everything was perfect and they were living a happy life. Except for one thing, they didn't have a child.



Watching him wiping her feet with a towel, she spoke carefully,

"Samuel."

"Yuri."

They called each other at the same time. They looked at each other for a while. He gestured telling her to speak first. "Go first."

She spoke hesitantly. "Why don't we try the IVF procedure again?"

There was a heavy silence. He frowned.

A few years ago, shortly after they got married, they received the IVF procedure, recommended by the Director Seo. When they






proceeded to the second step, however, it was Samuel who gave up first. The procedure was harder than expected, and he couldn't stand seeing Yuri suffering. He even had a big argument with the Director Seo who was convincing them to move on to the third step. For Yuri, who remembered that clearly, it was a topic that was hard to bring up.



Samuel responded in firmness. "No."

"I didn't know how hard it would be at that time, but now, I think I will be able to overcome it. I won't make you worry."

"Do you think I'm not taking the procedure because of me? Don't you remember how your condition was at that time? Are you serious? I already told you that I don't need a child. All I need is you."


"But? not me. I want to have a child."

"If you want to have a child, we can adopt. If you want, I can?."

"Adoption isn't something you can decide that easily. Besides, I want a child between me and you." She continued while holding his hand, "Considering our age, I think this will be our last chance. From the last check-up, the doctor told us that there's a chance that I will become pregnant in my current condition. So, please.

Let's try again."

"Do you really want to do it?"

"Yes, I want to."

Samuel let out a deep sigh with his face frowned. He could do anything that Yuri asked for but having a child was a different issue. He looked at her silently for a while then opened his mouth.









"Okay. This will be the last time doing this. Let's try once more. But if it still doesn't work, we have to give up. You're more important to me than my child. And? there's one more thing."

"What is it?"

"Let's take the test again."

Hearing the word 'test', she looked at him in confusion. Then, she realized what he meant, seeing his serious face. Her face became pale.


"Why, all of a sudden?."

"Lately, you are sleeping more than usual. Certain areas of the brain that maintain daytime wakefulness may have been damaged by Alzheimer's-causing proteins."

She then remembered why he had been so serious lately and the unusual drowsiness she had. She thought of her fluctuating mood and the uncontrollable anger that overwhelmed her once in a while.


"So, what's going to happen to me next?" Although she said it calmly, her voice was trembling.

"It's not confirmed yet. I'm just telling you that we'll have to see. So let's take the test first."

Yuri didn't say anything. He pulled her closer to him and hugged her as he waited for her to open her mouth. She was trembling and he waited until she regain her calmness.

When she stopped, she spoke as if she was about to cry, "I want to be alone for a while."









He could hear a cry from the bedroom. He stood in front of the closed door for a long time in confusion. He didn't know what to do. He didn't know whether he should respect her choice of wanting to be alone, or open the door and go in to comfort the crying woman. Her crying stopped while he was lost in thoughts. He opened the bedroom door and entered. He hugged the woman crouching on the bedside and stroked her back.



She spoke in a sad voice, "I thought about this kind of situation when I was in New York?. But I think I forgot about it after I started living with you because every day was filled with happiness.

"It's not confirmed yet. Even so, we can delay the occurrence of symptoms when it's in the initial state. I will definitely find a way no matter what it takes."













As if swearing to God, Samuel gave strength to the arm that was holding Yuri. She turned her body and she pressed her forehead to his chest. He kissed her eyelids and caressed them carefully. She grabbed his neck and kissed his lips. Then, she gently sucked his lower lip. As her opened his lips to the hot breath, her tongue wrapped around his. A moan erupted from his mouth as her hand went inside his underwear.



"Yuri?."

"I'm scared. Hug me, so I will have no time to think."

He pulled her dress up, took it off, and dropped it under the bed. He also took off the clothes he was wearing. Their bodies became hot and lips intertwined. He buried his face in her mounds. She hugged his head and touched his ear the whole time he licked her peaks.
He spread her legs as he licked her entire body, then put his face between her legs. As her body quivered, her pointed buds also trembled. The core that was already moist, began to ooze nectar whenever her stimulated her clitoris with his tongue. She also kissed his body all over the place.

He entered her when he thought their bodies were getting too hot. Her body reacted sensitively after a long caress. He licked her lips and moved his waist. Her thin legs wrapped around his waist.

Slowly moving, he began to speed up little by little. They started moaning.

When they reached their peak, he hugged her tightly. Their beating hearts touched one another. He kissed her eyes. After they came a couple of times, she fell into a deep sleep in his embrace.

Samuel gazed at her slumbering and closed his eyes after a while.











He had a dream. In the dream, he was standing in the reeds of the River Jinseong.

Why am I here?

He was puzzled as he walked along the river. Then a familiar scene appeared in front of his eyes. The place where he used to walk with Yuri, the place where his father, CEO Jeong-hun Seo, often went fishing. He stopped. There was a man with a fishing line under the beautiful tree.



"Father?"

He went closer to him. Jeong-hun, who was sitting with the fishing line, looked much younger than how he looked in his portrait. It was the image of his father that Samuel remembered before he left the house.


Wearing the only hunting hat in a shape of a check frock, he looked at Samuel and smiled. "How are you doing?

Samuel didn't know what to say, and simply stared at his father's face. He made a gesture, telling him(TJ) to come closer. He walked up to where the other was. Suddenly, the fishing line began to tremble. Looking at its move, it seemed like a big fish was caught.

"It's a big fish."

Jeong-hun pulled the fishing rod. The fish wasn't coming up easily.

Seeing the fishing line that was about to get cut, Samuel helped Jeong-hun and pulled the rod.

'Oh my God, could this be some kind of whale?'











Samuel became speechless at the movement of the fish under the churning water. It was so strong that his whole body was shaking. He pulled the fishing rod as hard as he could. Eventually, as the fishing line came up, a huge carp with brilliant colors appeared.



"We caught a very beautiful one."

When Jeong-hun was about to pull the fishing hook out of the carp's mouth, a strange thing happened. The fluttering carp turned into a shiny stone. He picked up the stone and handed it to Samuel.


"I will give this to you."

Samuel took the stone in confusion. It was heavy. Jeong-hun lightly tapped his son's hand that was holding the stone.

"I gave this to your wife already, but she doesn't seem to understand the meaning of this."

Samuel recalled what Yuri told him before he went on his business trip.



"In my dream, I received something special from a special person. I think your business trip will turn out well."

'Was this the dream she talked about? If so, the cause of Yuri's abnormal nap or fatigue may be?'

Jeong-hun smiled at the expression of his son who realized something important.

"For me, every moment I spent with you was a miracle and happiness. So I also want you to experience happiness and miracle with your son just like me, Samuel."







When he lifted his head at the warm voice, Jeong-hun was no longer there. Unbidden and inexplicably, tears cascaded down his eyes..


Samuel opened his eyes slowly. He felt as if he could still sense the heavy rock in his hands. He softly shook the girl who was asleep.

"Yuri, honey. Wake up"

"?What's wrong?"

Yuri blinked her sleepy eyes but was surprised when she saw her husband's eyes.

"Samuel, did you cry?" Her hand touched his red eyes.

Samuel spoke as he grabbed her hand, "I think our child came to us."



"What do you mean?.."

"I met my father in my dream."

Yuri's eyes widened. She hurriedly turned over the calendar on her bedside. Her eyes welled up as she became convinced of something.


It was the moment of miracle.







The sky was exceptionally clear compared to other days. Yuri put her hand on her baby bump. Until two weeks ago, she could wear baggy pants, but now she didn't feel comfortable if she didn't wear a dress.


'He's not moving today either.'

After the early pregnancy, when she lived in worry over the baby's health, she finally entered the safe stage at 18th week. She still couldn't feel the quickening when it was already past 16 weeks. The doctor told her?


"It depends on the mother, and you'll feel it around 22 weeks of your pregnancy at the latest."

But still, Yuri wanted to receive a signal from her baby as soon as possible.

'Bidan, are you all right?'

The nickname of the baby was Bidan, named after the silk carp which appeared in the conception dream. When she visited the hospital with her husband at 16 weeks, she was told that the baby was a male. Unlike Yuri, who expected a son, Samuel, who expected a daughter judging from the conception dream, showed disappointment. In fact, the nickname 'Bidan' was part of Samuel's wish to see a daughter.





"Are you sure? What if the baby turns out to be a female??"

"No, that won't happen. The sex of the fetus is determined after the pregnancy."







"I heard that it's not always 100 percent accurate."

"That's when the genitals are not clearly identified, and that's not the case right now. I can see it clearly."

Recalling Samuel, who seemed disappointed, and the firm attitude of the doctor, she couldn't hold back the laughter. Meanwhile, the car that had been running for over two hours arrived at its destination. Jin-wook, who was waiting for Yuri, opened the door.

"Welcome. Was there any inconvenience on the way?"

His gaze naturally turned to Yuri's belly.

She smiled softly. "Yes, I'm good."

Although she took a car driven by a professional driver, the 2 hours and 30 minutes ride to T City wasn't easy. Still, she had a reason for coming here.


"When is Samuel's game starting?"

Today was the day the Federation President's Cup Shooting Game was held at the International Shooting Stadium in T City. After marriage, Samuel almost gave up on shooting and hunting. His reason was that there's no time for a newlywed to play with a gun.
The problem was that he was still acting like a newlywed after several years. The federation that managed the licenses eventually contacted him to at least be present at the event. He couldn't help but participate in the game.

When Director Choi, Samuel's manager back in the days when he was a player, heard the news that he would be competing, filled her with many stories. When Samuel first started shooting, he had to start with an air rifle because the junior class didn't recruit a shotgun player. She also told her about how the female players







blushed whenever he entered the stadium, but he himself was indifferent to their interest.

As she listened, Yuri suddenly became curious. 'What would he look like as a shooter?' So she waited for the man to come home after his late practice.

"Can I go see your game?"

He asked back as if it was something he hadn't thought of.

"All of a sudden? You told me you don't like hunting."

"I don't like hunting, but shooting is a game. I will go there to support you."

Tae-gun slightly scrunched his eyebrows.

"I'm getting enough support from you already. The stadium is far away from here. And the noise or the smell of gunpowder can be bad for Bidan."

His concerns were not wrong. Yuri consulted with the doctor about whether she could go watch Samuel's game. Fortunately, the answer was that it would be ok as long as she's watching from a distance. She then convinced the guy by sharing the doctor's conclusion from the consultation. Of course, he couldn't refuse her request. He spoke as he sighed.

"All right. But come for the final only."

"Why only the final?"

"The start of the game is often delayed because the gun inspection takes too long and the game itself is also long. The game often doesn't end as scheduled."








"Is that so? But what if you don't make it to the final? It's been a long time since you last practiced."

Samuel laughed as if he heard something funny.

"There's no way I can't make it, so don't worry. If you don't feel well even just a little, go to the hospital immediately. Although you're in a safe stage now, you still have to be careful."

So that's what happened.

Jin-wook answered as he checked the time.

"The women's match is a little delayed, so we have about an hour to spare. Do you want to rest, or do you want to take a look around?"


"Can I take a look around?"

"Sure. This place was built by Seoin Group with T city. On days when there's no game, people can experience shooting or take lessons. By the way, the indoor shooting range is now empty since the game ended yesterday."

The place where Jin-wook guided her to was an indoor shooting range. It was refreshing to see it in real life, for she had only seen it when a big sports event broadcast. The place they went after seeing the indoor shooting range was an outdoor stadium. Jin-wook led Yuri to the very back seat of the audience. A launchpad and billboard were installed on the green lawn. It was before the game started, so the players had not entered the stadium yet.

















Jin-wook asked while Yuri was checking Samuel's name on the screen, "Do you know the rules of the game? Do you want me to explain?"


"Yes, I searched up on the internet and learned about it briefly. I heard that it's a game where you hit a target called a clay pigeon."

"Yes, that's right. It's a game where one needs to shoot pigeons that are released according to a signal from the trap house installed over there. A trap with one target, a double trap with two targets, and a skeet when they come from both sides. Six players stand on five stations and move the stations by pushing one another to hit pigeons, and 25 pigeons are released in one round. Five rounds are held in the preliminary round, and the top six players make it to the final. Normally, one can fire up to two shots in the preliminary rounds, but only one shot in the final."



"It's a game that I've never heard of."

"Yes. In Korea, clay shooting is not as well known as indoor shooting. In fact, many people enjoy clay shooting as a hobby, but there aren't many professional, elite athletes. Due to the special training environment, gun, and ammunition, the training costs a lot. Even with support from the associations and federations, it's difficult to develop players. After graduating from secondary school, the president hired a personal coach in England and trained."



He handed her an ear protector. "Plug this into your ears before entering the stadium. The sound will be much louder than you think."


"Okay, thank you."









Shortly after, the referees entered the stadium followed by the players. Samuel, wearing a black training suit and red goggles, stood out among the players. At his appearance, the spectators became loud. Throughout the introduction of the finalists one by one, Yuri couldn't take her eyes off of her husband. Come to think of it, she forgot that a man named Samuel Seo was born to be a wild wolf because ever since their marriage, he behaved like a very obedient big dog.



After checking the presence of Yuri and Jin-wook in the audience, Samuel entered the designated station with the other players. Yuri put on the protector that Jin-wook gave her. When the player standing on Station 1 gave a short signal, a pigeon came out, signaling the start of the game. Samuel hit his first target safely on the 4th station. Yuri moved her seat and fixed her gaze on her man, who was loading bullets. Every time he hit a pigeon, her heart raced.



How should I express this? Should I say that I fell in love with my husband again?

The game was tight in the beginning, but after ten rounds, the gap started to widen little by little. Player No.2, who took the lead, was a player from the Seoin Industrial team. Samuel and Player No. 1 chased him by a small difference.

Twenty-second shot. In the current situation where Player No. 2 and No. 1 missed the target, if Samuel managed to hit the target, then he'd be the player with the highest score with Player No. 2. The moment his bullet hit the pigeon, Yuri spontaneously got up and clapped.



'Bidan, your father is amazing.'

Suddenly, she felt a small kick in her stomach as if in response. It was a soft and warm touch, like air bubbles rising.






"Ah!"

When Yuri wrapped her belly in surprise, Jin-wook, who was next to her, stood up right away. He thought it was an emergency.

Yuri quickly grabbed his sleeve and shook her head. "It's quickening."

It was a word that he could clearly understand even if he couldn't hear the sound because of the protector.



After the game, Samuel passed Jin-wook his equipment. He decided to spend the night at T city's hotel suite with Yuri. He thought that the five-hour round trip would be too tough for her.

"It was so close. If you hit all three, you could've won."

Yuri spoke to him while lying in bed. Samuel, who has been massaging her calf, which had been swelling frequently lately, grinned.

"All I had to do was be present during the game."

"But it's been a long time since you last participated. It would've been nice if you won."

"I already won enough in the past. What's more important to me is you and Bidan. If something happened to one of you, I would've just left the game."


Jin-wook immediately sent a signal that there was no problem, but his concentration was already distorted so he couldn't hit the target. Samuel missed all the last three shots, but he didn't seem to regret it. Rather, he looked happy that Bidan moved. Unfortunately, he has not yet felt the quickening of his son. His






hand, which had been stroking his wife's belly for a long time, moved down.

Yuri glimpsed at the hand that was moving with a clear purpose.

"Aren't you tired? You must be tired from the game?."

"But it's hard to control."

"We did it last week."

Although, not as often as before pregnancy, after entering the stable stage, they made love at least once a week. Still, it seemed like it wasn't enough for him.

Samuel whispered while putting his lips to her ear, "I love you like crazy."



"Do you still love me the same?"

"I will forever."

'Who would not fall for a guy who talks like that?' Yuri nodded her head.



"Then do it gently. Don't surprise Bidan. Okay?"

"I know. I think he's asleep anyway."

Samuel put his hand on her belly as he kissed but then suddenly stopped moving. He felt a small, light movement with his hand.

Just like Yuri had at the stadium, he couldn't conceal his surprise.

Seeing his face, she said teasingly, "What should we do? Bidan says he's not sleeping."

"He's already an unfilial son."








Yuri couldn't help but burst into laughter at his disappointed tone.

It was a happy night.













The child spoke his first word before his first birthday. Every time he said 'Mama, mama', Yuri looked at her son Jihoo with a warmth that made him jealous.

"Samuel, don't you think he's a genius?"

Samuel suppressed the urge to tell her that he spoke his first word earlier than Jihoo and speaking at 10 months is only slightly earlier than the average.

He was sometimes a little annoyed with Yuri's 'little genius'. In the early pregnancy, he made the already skinny woman, lose even more weight with morning sickness making her look pale. As the estimated due date drew closer, her whole body swelled, and as a result, she was unable to sleep at night. The most difficult thing for him(TJ) was watching her go through labor pains that lasted over 10 hours. Just thinking about his woman, who was gasping in pain, broke his heart. If it was something he could have done instead of her, he would have done it a hundred or a thousand times.

The baby who gave Yuri a hard time before he was born caused so many troubles even after he was born. First of all, his day and night were reversed. He's sensitive, shy, and didn't easily fall asleep.

Director Choi, as well as other babysitters with a lot of experience, visited in turn, but none of them got used to him.

"Who the hell does he take after?!"

Every night, Samuel sighed as he watched Yuri stay up all night soothing the crying child. It was his mother, Mrs. Soo-kyung Lee, who gave the answer to his question. As soon as Soo-kyung saw Jihoo, she told him straight off.

"Your son resembles you. He's a little Samuel."







That's absolutely unacceptable!

"No way!"

"I'm the one who raised you. Compared to you, Jihoo is an undemanding baby. When you were a baby, I had to rock you for an hour or two to make you sleep. Once you started whining and kicking your legs, I couldn't even hold you in my arms. You can't imagine how much your father struggled every time that happened."



In front of his mother, any further excuses were meaningless. Seeing how Jihoo only looked for his mother, it was clear that his son resembled him. Surprisingly, Yuri knew exactly what her son wanted. She could tell whether he was hungry, uncomfortable, sick, or asking for a diaper change. She had even moved her bed to Jihoo's side, so Samuel had been sleeping alone since his son was born.



<Samuel, help me.>

After the meeting, he saw a message from Yuri. He immediately called her.

"What happened? Aren't you going to the hospital today?"

Today, Yuri was getting a health check-up that would take an entire day including the cerebral function test. Samuel couldn't postpone the test date any longer because Yuri skipped the test the previous year due to pregnancy. Besides, she had a hard time after giving birth as she had to take care of Jihoo. He was very concerned about the result of the test.



-	"Yes, yes. But Jihoo is not sleeping yet and he doesn't let me leave."








"What about Director Choi?"

-	"Director Choi is feeling unwell today. I don't think I can leave Jihoo with her. But the babysitter alone can't handle him. "

Director Choi was one of the few people that Jihoo was familiar with. When Yuri took a break, she and the babysitter would take care of him together. So her absence was an emergency.

"Okay, I'm coming."

-	"I'm sorry for having bothered you. But what about your work?"

"What are you talking about? What's more important to me than this? I'll be there soon."

Ending the call, Samuel immediately called the chief secretary. He asked with a puzzled face when he saw Samuel putting on his jacket.


"Where are you going? Legal department meeting will start soon."

"Postpone all the schedule left for today. I need to babysit."

"Pardon? Babysit?"

Leaving the chief secretary behind, Samuel hurriedly headed home. As he entered the front door, he heard Jihoo's cry and Yuri and the babysitter's voice soothing him in turn. Director Choi, who opened the door, talked to Samuel with a sad face.

"I'm sorry. I should've looked after myself?."

"How are you feeling?"











"I have a slight sore throat. I'll be okay once I take medicine and sleep."



"Go home early today. I will take care of Jihoo with the sitter."

"Are you sure?"

"It's not my first time doing this."

It was Samuel who washed, dressed, and fed Jihoo with Director

Choi while Yuri was recovering. He'd been busy since around Jihoo's first birthday, so he couldn't take care of him as much as he did before.


'But how can he still not say papa?'

When he went to the room, Jihoo was in Yuri's arms. Even when the sitter tried to hold him, he cried and tried not to get off from his mother. Yuri's clothes were messy with Jihoo's tears and snot. Samuel clicked his tongue.










The child who could stand alone and walk little by little was now quite heavy. This kid doesn't think about his mom who needs to hold him with a waist as small as my fist. Does a child also have some kind of presentiment?

Normally, he would eat and fall asleep right away, but he was holding his mother's collar tightly with his eyes half-closed. Seeing her husband coming in, Yuri smiled in relief.

"Go get changed first. I think Jihoo will fall asleep soon."

"Okay."

Samuel changed after taking a quick shower. When he went back to the room, Jihoo was already sleeping. When he took him from Yuri and was about to hold him in his arms, the baby woke up.

Samuel soothed his son, who was about to cry again. "Don't cry Jihoo. Your dad is here."

"Mama?"

"Papa, not mama."

Jihoo seemed relieved seeing his dad and went back to sleep. While Samuel was rocking Jihoo, Yuri finished getting ready to go to the hospital. She lightly kissed Jihoo's forehead who was in deep sleep.


"See you later, my son. Samuel, please take care of Jihoo."

"Don't worry. But what about me?" He pointed at his lips.

Yuri also gave him a light kiss.









He whispered with his lips touching hers, "I hope the test results are good."



He saw her off and carefully laid Jihoo on the crib. He looked like an angel sleeping peacefully. Of course, when this angel would open his eyes, he would start crying again. Samuel gazed at

Jihoo's face. A soft forehead and thick double eyelids resembled his mother. He was a beautiful child.

Samuel felt strange watching his son. This little baby had his and

Yuri's blood. When he stroked his fluffy hair, a small hand grabbed his finger. For some reason, his touch made Samuel almost burst into tears. Suddenly, he remembered the dream he had when Yuri was pregnant with Jihoo.

"To me, every moment I spent with you was a miracle and happiness. So I also want you to experience happiness and miracles with your son just like me, Samuel."

As his father said, Yuri and Jihoo were a miracle and happiness in his life. For the first time, he was with people who loved him as much as he loved them. He wished this moment would last forever.

"But let's grow up a little faster Jihoo Seo. For your mom."

Jihoo pursed his lips in his sleep as if answering his father. Samuel smiled and laid his body next to the baby's bed on the mattress where Yuri slept. Sadly, the peaceful time didn't last long. Jihoo, whose diaper was wet, woke up crying. After changing the diaper and soothing his son who was looking for his mother, it was already time to feed the baby. He gave him the baby food that the babysitter brought.



"Jihoo Seo. Say papa. Pa. Pa."

"Mama."







"Papa."

"Mama."

It seemed like it was still difficult for Jihoo to say papa.

"Jihoo Seo, when are you going to call me papa?"

Jihoo didn't know what his dad wanted. After finishing the baby food, he seemed anxious and began looking around as if he was looking for his mother. Noticing, the babysitter quickly brought a box of blocks that the baby liked.

"Look at this, Jihoo."

Thankfully, Jihoo showed interest in the colorful blocks she brought. When he left Jihoo with the sitter to take a rest for a while, his phone rang. It was Yuri.

"Is the test done?"

"I only took the cerebral function test because I was late. The doctor said I'm fine"

"Thank god."

Samuel sighed in relief. Yuri asked?

"How about Jihoo? What is he doing now?"

"He's playing with blocks. By the way, Jihoo can take about five to six steps now."

"Right, he's walking well these days. But isn't he looking for me? I miss my Jihoo."

"You only miss Jihoo?"








Yuri laughed at his disappointed tone.

"Of course, I miss you too. I still have a few tests to take. I will be a bit late so please take good care of Jihoo."

"Okay, see you later. Love you."

"I love you too."

As he hung up, he discovered that Jihoo, who was playing with blocks, was staring at him. Suddenly his heart started beating faster. 'Did he notice that I just received a call from his mom?
What if he starts crying all of a sudden looking for Yuri? Besides blocks, what other toys does he like?' Samuel was fully focused on his son, thinking about what would happen next.

"Pa, pa!"

The word came out of the child's mouth who was smiling brightly like a flower bud in full bloom. Samuel, lost for words, stared at the angelic face for a moment. It was the joy that the miracle that came to him gave.



It was around the time Jihoo fell asleep when she received Samuel's invitation. Yuri diligently sketched her slumbering son. It'd been three years since she'd been filling up her sketchbook with drawings of her son who's growing up day by day.

He was a healthy child just like his father, energetic and clever when it came to both playing and talking. It was a great joy for her to see him growing up.

Having finished her sketch, she kissed the little one's forehead and left the room. She then opened the invitation that Director Choi brought. It was their wedding anniversary invitation.

After their marriage, Samuel sent invitations like this every year to celebrate their anniversary except when she was in the postpartum period. He also sent her clothes that matched each time.


The location of the invitation was different every year. Once, it was a restaurant in a luxury hotel, a spa, a small theater, cinemas, and an amusement park. She even wondered if he was getting help from an event company.

Where would he invite me this time?



Just like any other year, Yuri was invited to an unexpected place.

Are we going to an exhibition?

Unlike the first and second exhibition rooms, which were open to the public, the third exhibition room was for a few VIPs. It was a place to find buyers by displaying famous paintings and








sculptures owned mainly by private collectors. It was also possible to hold a meeting while having a meal or refreshments.

Yuri was curious and also excited about the unexpected place. She put on bright color makeup and wore the clothes that Samuel sent her. It was a black dress with a deep slit.

Jihoo, who was playing blocks with Director Choi, saw Yuri and ran up on her.

"Wow, you look like a princess, Mom."

"Do I look pretty today, Jihoo?"

"You're the prettiest in the world!"

Seeing her son saying the same thing as his father, Yuri smiled softly. Then, she gently kissed his cheek.

"Don't bother Director Choi, okay?"

"Okay."

After responding to her confidently, he immediately ran to the blocks.



Samuel insisted that the wedding anniversary should be spent only with the two of them. He'd told the little one that there will be a wedding anniversary for Jihoo in the future, so there was no need for him to join in his parents' time. She still didn't know how her young son understood his father's words, or perhaps, he just didn't understand at all but he seemed to be cooperating quite well with him(TJ) since he neither begged her to bring him along nor told her not to go.



Yuri said to Director Choi, "Please take care of Jihoo. And don't let him stay up late."






"Of course. Have a good time with the president."

The driver picked her up and headed to the art gallery. The front door of the gallery was closed since it was already past the closing time of the exhibition. Having already received the instructions, the driver called someone and the door opened. At the entrance, a woman who appeared to be a staff was waiting for Yuri. Seeing her get off the car, she bowed.



"Welcome. The president is waiting for you." The staff escorted her to the third exhibition room.

As soon as Yuri stepped into the exhibition room, her eyes widened. What came into her eyes were her paintings. Most of them were made before Jihoo was born, but the exhibition could not be held because she had to concentrate on child-rearing.

Then?

"Ah!" She covered her mouth with her hand. The work on display in the center of the exhibition hall, which could be called the main, was 'Apollo'.


'Apollo', which should be in a villa in Gangwon-do, was in front of Yuri. At the same time, the man sitting at the table in front of it caught her eyes. The man with the same eyes, nose, and mouth as

'Apollo'. It was the man she loved more than anyone, her husband,

Samuel Seo.

He stood up from the chair when he saw her coming in.

"Are you the artist of this work?"

Suddenly, she remembered what she told him a long time ago.












"You'll come to my exhibition and in front of my painting, you'll ask who the artist is. Then, you'll fall in love with me at first sight and ask me out on a date."

Yuri responded as she smiled. "Yes?"

"You're much more beautiful than I thought. Can I ask you out on a date?"



"Sorry but I have a husband and a son. And my husband is a jealous lover."

Samuel pulled the chair as he smiled. "If anyone tries to flirt with you at the exhibition, tell him what you just said."

"I don't think anyone will do that since they all know how scary you are."



"Good to hear."

"Is this my exhibition?" she asked as she looked around the hall.

"Yes. You've been taking a long break from work since Jihoo was born. I thought you're going to miss this." He gently caressed her shoulder.


Yuri was greatly touched by her husband who planned all this. This was something that she never expected. She couldn't make time to look after herself because she was busy looking after her son, and she was thankful that her man knew that.

"How do you know me so well?"

"How can I not when my eyes are always on you? Should we have dinner first before taking a walk around the exhibition hall?"

"Dinner? Here?"







"I invited a famous chef."

Shortly after, the server brought food from the inside. Courses of the meal came out one after another. They had wine with a great combination of seafood and meat.

Seeing that Yuri had emptied the dessert plate, Samuel stood up from his seat with a satisfied face.

"Can you please guide me through your work?" He slowly led her to the paintings displayed.

It was an exhibition just for two of them. She explained each of the paintings at length while he listened intently. He opened his mouth when they returned to 'Apollo' after taking a look at all her paintings in the room.


"Many people would've come and liked your paintings if we could hold the exhibition."

"Thank you. But I'm okay, I have Jihoo."

"But Jihoo will be start kindergarten next year. Seems like a good time to start painting again."

"I've been thinking about it too. Thanks for being so caring"

"It's my job to ensure your well-being. I love Yuri Han as my wife and Jihoo's mother, but I also love you as an artist. Besides, I love your work too."

How can he be so perfect like this?

Samuel didn't take his eyes off of her as he stroked her hair. She felt her body getting hot, perhaps because of the wine she had at dinner.









She asked as if trying to calm herself down, "What did you like the most out of 'em all?"

"I love all your works, but if I have to choose one, it's Apollo. But sometimes I get jealous of it." He pointed to the relief that resembled him. "I can see how much effort and love you put into that work. And I'm not in the time you spent with 'that guy'. That's what I'm jealous of." He held her hand and kissed her palm.

Yuri spoke as she laughed, "Don't be jealous. Apollo is a relief that I made thinking about you."

Because it was the only light that remained in her empty memory.

He was looking at Apollo solemnly and frowned slightly. "I think there is a little bit of distortion."

"Where?"

The artist herself knew best that her work couldn't be perfect because it was a work made solely based on her memory.

'But distortion? Where?'

Unlike Yuri whose face turned serious, there was a mischievous glint in Samuel's eyes.

"Isn't it a bit small?"

"Small? What's small?"

Just then, he hugged and pulled her waist to him. His lower body, which was completely attached to hers, was hot as if on fire.

He whispered in her ear, "This one."












Yuri's face turned red when she realized what he meant.

Samuel chuckled and kissed her nape. "Don't we need to check?"

Oh no!

He put her on the table without hesitation. As he was about to kiss her right away, she spoke hastily, "Wait, you're not going to do that here, right?"

"I made everyone leave after they cleared our table."

"But-"

"Let's do it here once and head to the hotel. I can't hold back any longer."

He lowered his head and kissed her as if he was not going to give her any more time to think. Then, his tongue slid into her mouth and sucked hers. Her heart still pounded fast even though they'd done this many times. Heat began to build up in her lower abdomen just by his hands touching her bosom. He kissed her even deeper and put his hand inside her dress.

"Did you choose this dress for this?"

"Of course," he whispered with his lips still planted on hers.

When he spread her legs and put his finger deep inside her, her body trembled. It was getting wet between in there.

"You're already wet?"

"It's because? you're too good," she mumbled shyly.










He quickly unbuckled his belt and pulled down the zipper. Then, he pulled her hip as he wrapped her legs around his waist. She raised her arms and hugged his neck. Her panties had already been pulled down to her ankles.


"Ah!"

A moan slipped out of her mouth as he entered. A thick, hard shaft filled her inside. He kissed her as he moved his waist. He then pulled down her dress and kissed her white skin that was exposed. She twisted her body at the sweet and dizzying sensation. Stimulated by her reaction, he began to move even roughly.

As they reached the peak, she sought his lips. As he opened his lips, his hot tongue intertwined hers. The moment her body fell onto him, he came.

"Ha?!"

He breathed roughly and hugged her tightly. Feeling his warm body, she enjoyed the afterglow until the end.

He asked playfully as he put his hand inside her dress and stroked her back, "How does it feel to check mine?"

"?I don't know."

He smiled. "Should we do it until you learn it?"

"Samuel!" Yuri's face turned red.

She had a feeling this was going to have a long night.



A BB bullet narrowly deflected the can. His second and third try brought no different result.






What's wrong?

A handsome boy with strong features was crying. Then he heard a familiar voice from the back.

"You have to spread your legs and straighten your arms. Keep your shoulders fixed and look straight ahead."

As the voice told him to, he spread his feet, stretched out his arms, and fixed his shoulders. Looking straight ahead, he pulled the trigger. With a popping sound, the bullet hit the can. The can wobbled as if it was about to fall but eventually stopped moving and remained standing. Although he wasn't able to knock it down, he was excited that he could finally hit the target after countless attempts.



"Dad!"

Samuel smiled and hugged his son. Jihoo jumped into his arms like a koala and rubbed his nose against his cheek.

"When did you come? Mom told me that you're coming tomorrow."

Samuel had been the United States on a business trip after receiving a report that the new drug had passed the first clinical test. Although there was a lot of work to be done, he had shortened his schedule to move up his return to Korea.

"I came early because I missed you and mom. Where's your mom?" Samuel said.

"She's painting in the art studio."

"Can I borrow that?"

He took the model gun in Jihoo's hand and aimed at the can.

When the bullet perfectly hit the center of gravity, the can fell.







The boy applauded. "My dad's the best!"

"Just like that. It's not just about hitting. If you want to knock it down, you have to aim for a lower center of gravity."

Samuel patted him on the head. Jihoo had grown so tall that his father could no longer hold him with one hand. He noticed that the boy had grown slightly taller when he was away on a business trip although he was away for only a few days. He turned seven this year and was taller compared to other kids his age thanks to the genes of his tall parents. President Seo was a little sad seeing him grow up so fast day by day.



As he put Jihoo down from his arms with mixed emotions, he realized he was holding the model gun in his hand. Considering that it was quite heavy and elaborately crafted, it must be an expensive model.


"Jihoo, did you get permission from your mom to use this?"

Jihoo didn't answer right away and mumbled.

"Where did you get this?"

Yuri didn't like Jihoo playing with weapon toys such as guns and swords. She never bought them, and even if someone gave him as a gift, she would keep them out of his reach.

But where did he get this from? Samuel mumbled in a serious tone, as he lowered his body to face his son.

"Please be honest. I don't like people who lie."

"?Yoon-seo and Yoon-jae gave it to me."

"When?"









"When I visited their house yesterday."

Yoon-seo and Yoon-jae were the twin sons of Jae-won, two years older than Jihoo. Jae-won and Samuel lived in the same neighborhood, so they'd come over to each other's houses often.

Jihoo, who had no siblings, got along with the twins. Tae-iun was planning to teach shooting to the twins sooner or later.

He spoke as he gave the model gun to his son, "Give it back to them before your mom sees it."

"--"

A kid who would normally say yes right away was only fiddling with the model gun without saying anything.

"Jihoo Seo." Samuel called his son in a low voice.


















The boy slowly opened his mouth? "Can you talk to mom about this?"



It was unusual to see Jihoo talking to him seriously. His son had learned how to speak for his wants. He was swayed seeing the boy looking up at him with big eyes that resembled Yuri's.

"Do you really want that model gun?"

"Yes."

Growing up, Jihoo has never twisted his arms or insisted on something. Samuel pondered over his request and patted his head.


"Okay. I will talk to your mom about giving this gun to you. But if your mom doesn't want to, there's nothing much I can do. Your mom's opinion is the most important for me."

"Okay!"

Jihoo nodded as he smiled brightly. Once in a while, Samuel was thankful that Jihoo was his son. If he had a daughter, he probably wouldn't have been rational and would have allowed anything she wanted to do.


Samuel walked straight to the art studio at a brisk pace. After their turned five and went to kindergarten, Yuri started painting again. He had built an art studio for his beloved wife with a space for his son to play while she painted.

As he quietly opened the studio door, the smell of paint and the sound of classical music flowed out of the room. It was a spacious and open room with plenty of sunlight.







Yuri was concentrating on the canvas. Come to think of it, the date of her exhibition was drawing closer. She was completely absorbed in painting. He could see her white nape through her short hair and her hands holding the brush. Although they were no longer newlyweds and even had a son, his heart still raced whenever he saw his wife.



It's all because she's too beautiful.

Samuel took a few more steps closer to her. Then he grabbed her hand holding the brush and hugged her from behind and kissed her nape.


"Samuel!"

Yuri dropped the brush and turned around. "You surprised me! When did you arrive? I thought you're coming tomorrow."

He kissed her cheek as he hugged her. "I arrived just a while ago. I came home straight from the airport."

"Why didn't you call me?"

"To surprise you."

Yuri patted on his hands holding her waist. "Aren't you tired?"

"I'm okay. I think I'll go to bed early today."

He looked at the canvas she was painting over her shoulder. It was a warm landscape with flowers and a child. Back then, she used to paint with cold colors, conveying an urban feel, but since their son was born, most of her paintings conveyed a soft and peaceful feeling. It must be Jihoo who had influenced her.

"Is this Jihoo?" he pointed to the child in the painting and asked.









"Yes. I asked him to be a model but he got bored and ran away. Did you see him?"

"He's playing in the garden."

"What is he doing?"

"Ah-"

What should I say?

Yuri lifted her head, wondering why he's being hesitant. Samuel opened his mouth as if he made up his mind. He knew he had to be honest in this kind of situation.

"Yoon-seo and Yoon-jae gave him a model gun. He's playing with that."



"What?!"

"Yuri, honey, calm down." He held her who was about to run to the garden.

"Now I understand. The three of them were busy whispering to each other about something yesterday."

"Were they?"

"Yes. I was wondering what they were talking about."

"Jihoo and the twins are at an age where they start to show interest in such toys. They're boys. I was no different from them when I was their age. I was often scolded by my grandfather for secretly touching guns."


Samuel did his best to defend his son, but Yuri was determined.










"Still, I don't like Jihoo playing with dangerous and violent toys. It's different from how other kids play."

Yuri was more devoted than anyone when it came to her son, but she was very strict about his education. She said that she didn't want him, who was born into abundance, wielding things in his hands at will, or, conversely, being influenced by it. Having such a thought must have been influenced by the coercive attitude he first showed to her. Samuel, who knew what his beloved wife was worried about, patted her on the back.

"I know what you're worried about. I also know that he has no choice but to be different from other children because he is my son and heir to the Seoin Group. Still, everyone says that Jihoo is thoughtful and precocious, unlike a child his age. I don't think we, as his parents, should block too much of the interest or curiosity he develops as a child."



"But?."

"I'll teach him well so you don't have to worry. Okay?"

Yuri spoke as she sighed. "You're too soft on him."

"How can I not be? He's the one who takes after a woman who I love the most. I'm thankful that he's a son, not a daughter."

"Why are you thankful that he's a son?"

"If Jihoo was a daughter, I would've followed her everywhere in a worry."



Yuri finally smiled at him. His hand slowly stroked her waist and went up to her back. When she realized what he was doing, she looked around.

"Someone might come."






"Director Choi saw me coming here. She will let them know."

"What if Jihoo comes-"

She couldn't finish her words as he kissed her right away. His proud son already knew well that he shouldn't interrupt his parents' time.

He opened a secret door hidden in the corner of the studio as he kissed her. When the door opened, a space with a massage chair, a bed, and a small bathroom were revealed. It was a place that Samuel made for Yuri to take a rest whenever she got tired from painting. He pushed her inside and closed the door.

"Today, I want to try something a little different."

Something different?

Even before she could ask, he started kissing her anew.










His lips brushed hers softly, and he slid his tongue inside her mouth. They shared a long kiss. The sound of their heavy breathing echoed clearly in the quiet space. The fingers that were stroking her hair and ear drifted downwards.

Samuel untied the apron that she was wearing for painting and dropped it on the floor. Yuri also reached for the button on his shirt to take off his clothes. Just then, something soft covered her eyes. Surprised, she tried to remove what was blocking her view, but he stopped her.



"Shh! It's okay."

"What, what are you doing?"

"Just focus on me."

Yuri froze, not knowing what to do. He licked her fingertips as if to soothe her.

"Ah!"

Oh my God! Can fingertips become erogenous?!

She flinched at the unexpected sensation. H gave her an angel kiss as if he was happy with her reaction. Then, he picked her up and put her down on the bed. Her body became even more sensitive as she couldn't see anything. The sound of Samuel taking off his clothes, the smell of paint in the studio, and even the texture of the bedsheet? He drew closer and took her clothes off while sucking her lips. She was embarrassed because she could imagine how he would be looking at her.



"I didn't even touch you yet."








He smiled and touched her hardened buds with his fingers. Yuri felt her nape stiffening and flinched. Taking off her brassiere, he grabbed her mounds and pressed his lips on her neck.

"Mngh, Samuel-"

'It feels weird. How can I become this sensitive just because my eyes are covered?'

He licked her ear. When he pulled down her wet panties, she felt a hot breath near hers. It wasn't even touched or licked, but she tingled with excitement. He turned her body, pulled down her dress from her ankles, and kissed her back. Then he put his hand inside her panties.



"?Ngh."

The moment he touched her clitoris, her body trembled as if a switch had been turned. He pulled her tightly into his arms and put his finger deep inside her.

"Aaah, Samuel? No?."

"Just let yourself feel it. I want to hear you more."

"Ngh, ah?."

"Don't be afraid."

When his finger started moving inside her, Yuri couldn't help but moan. Then she convulsed, pouring out a clear fluid. He laughed as if he was satisfied.

"This is not bad at all"

"?You cover your eyes next time."









"Sure."

He slowly pulled her hand to his. His manhood, standing upright in her hand, was hot. As she slowly moved her hand, Samuel groaned. He pulled her close to her and made her sit on his thigh. Both of them were wet with whitish fluids that came out from each other.



She hugged his neck. His thick meat went straight inside her. He grabbed her waist tightly, pushed his cock all the way to the hilt, and slowly started moving.

"Ahhh, ah!"

He licked and sucked her lips like a dog and massaged her breast. Yuri shuddered at the unbearable pleasure. Every time his rod went in and out, love juices splattered all over the place. She panted and moved her waist along with him.

"Samuel, Samuel!" she called him in a hurry.

"?I want to see your face."

He took off the eye mask that she was wearing. She blinked her eyes to adjust to the light, and soon, she could see her beloved husband's face.

"Why are you so pretty." Samuel mumbled to himself as he went inside her. He kissed her, who was busy catching her breath, and rubbed his lip against hers.

"Ngh! Ahh, ah!"

She trembled as she tightened what came into her. She bent her neck backwards. Soon after, he filled inside her.

"Haa!"







She could feel his hot breath near her ear.

"?I love you," he whispered into her ear. He caressed her cheek as he kissed her all over her face.

Their afternoon affair didn't end there. It was when Yuri was about to burst into tears that he finally let her go.

Since President Seo came back from the business trip, the family could finally have dinner together. But for some reason, Jihoo didn't stop looking at Samuel and Yuri alternately throughout dinner.


"Jihoo, do you have something to say?" Yuri looked at the boy with a puzzled look.

Jihoo shook his head. "No, no."

God, look how cute he is! Samuel put some food on his son's plate and laughed inwardly.

After dinner, just like any other day, he taught his son to play

Go(also known as Weiqi). This game was good for child's brain development and concentration. But all that aside, he loved spending time with his son. Come to think of it now, Samuel was grateful that his grandfather forcefully taught him Go when he was young. He always tried to make time for his son unless there's an unavoidable meeting, a business trip, or an appointment.

"Dad, did you tell Mom about it?" Jihoo put down the black go ball in his hand and asked in a worry. It looked like he'd have a hard time concentrating today.

"She said she wants to talk to you about it directly."

"Is Mom mad at me?"








"Why would she be mad at you? She loves you more than anyone else in this world. Sometimes I get jealous of you, Jihoo Seo."

The child smiled brightly. Thanks to Jihoo, Samuel learned what people meant by 'all the children are the apple of their parent's eyes'.


Before Jihoo went to bed, Yuri talked to him for quite a long time. She told him about how he should never shoot at people or animals, and that he must be with his dad when playing with the model gun. The little boy seemed very happy that he got permission from his mom.



Samuel found it heartwarming to listen to their friendly conversation outside the door. When Yuri came back to the bedroom after checking that Jihoo had fallen asleep, she saw him waiting for her on the bed.


She asked with a surprised look on her face, "Why are you not sleeping still? You told me you'll go to bed early."

"How can I sleep without you?"

"Are you Jihoo? Why can't you sleep alone?"

"I can't sleep without you because I'm not Jihoo. He sleeps well beside me too."

Yuri looked bewildered as if she'd just heard something ridiculous.

Samuel smiled and patted his arm. "Come here."

She laid her head on his arm. Of course, she liked making love with him, but she also liked the time she spent talking with him just like this.











Samuel opened his mouth as he touched her hand, "The clinical trial for the new drug turned out very well."

"Do you think it can be marketed?"

"I'm not sure yet because no one knows how things will change. Still, it's the first time I've made it this far, so I'm looking forward to it. The result tells me that it's getting better little by little."

Yuri knew the hidden meaning behind his words. She knew and was grateful about how he was still making considerable efforts for her. She looked into his eyes for a while without a word, then switched the topic.


"Do you know that Jihoo has been watching videos of your old games?"

"Really?"

"Director Choi showed him videos of you back then when you participated in games as a shooter. In his eyes, it must have looked very cool. He told me he wants to be like you."

My son said he wants to be like me? Isn't that the best compliment one can get?

"I will live a life that won't disappoint my son."

"Yes, me too."

"Should I teach him shooting when he grows up? With Jae-won's twin sons."

"I'll think about that later. It's sad to see him growing up so fast. It seems like it was only yesterday that he wouldn't go to anyone but me."





Samuel kissed her forehead as he smiled. "You don't have to be sad because you have me. I'll do everything more than Jihoo when it comes to you"

She smiled as she buried her face in his chest. She liked the scent of his favorite shower cologne.

After getting married, she got the title of his wife and Jihoo's mother, but who Samuel loved the most was the woman named Yuri Han. Every time he reminded her of that, her heart pounded. She gently kissed his lips.

"Don't go back on your word after thirty years."

"That's never going to happen."

Every day we live together was filled with happiness, and the days ahead of us will also be filled with happiness. No matter what happens in the future, I'll be with my beloved family. She thought to herself as she smiled at her husband.






---- THE END -----



